Risks in Using Social Media to Spot Signs of Mental Distress 
RT @paula_span: The most effective nationwide diabetes prevention program you've probably never heard of:  
The New Old Age Blog: Diabetes Prevention That Works 
Well: Comfort Casseroles for Winter Dinners 
High-Level Knowledge Before Veterans Affairs Scandal 
Your Money: Affordable Care Act’s Tax Effects Now Loom for Filers 
Well: Christmas in the Hospital 
The Texas Tribune: For Members of Health Ministries in Texas, Caring Means Sharing the Bills 
A q&amp;a with Laura Hillenbrand, author of "Unbroken," who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome. 
Race to Deliver Nicotine’s Punch, With Less Risk  
The New Health Care: People Are Shopping for Health Insurance, Surprisingly 
Machine Learning: Bedtime Technology for a Better Night’s Sleep 
Breaking: Lab Error May Have Exposed U.S. Technician to Ebola Virus 
C.D.C. Ebola Error in Lab May Have Exposed Technician to Virus 
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: Lab Error May Have Exposed U.S. Technician to Ebola Virus 
A q&amp;a with Laura Hillenbrand, author of "Unbroken," who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome. 
RT @cslnyt: Virus That Killed a Kansas Farmer is identified @CDCgov  @nytDeniseGrady  
Well: Exercise to Lose Weight? Stay Warm 
Business Briefing: Diabetes Drug Gains Approval for Treatment of Obesity 
So Far, 6.4 Million Obtain Health Care Coverage for 2015 in Federal Marketplace 
DealBook: Inquiry Into Foreign Bribes at Biomet Hangs Over $13 Billion Merger 
Firing of V.A. Clinic Chief Is Upheld Over Gifts, Not Wait Lists 
World Briefing: Ireland: Doctors Seek to Remove Pregnant Woman From Life Support 
Plastic Surgery Tourism Brings Chinese to South Korea  
Looking for a better night's sleep? Put down that e-book and read a paperback instead. 
Mysterious Virus That Killed a Farmer in Kansas Is Identified 
Well: Pain Relievers Tied to Reduced Skin Cancer Risk 
The best gift? The humble gift card. 
What do most people say they want for a gift? 
F.D.A. Lifting Ban on Gay Blood Donors 
F.D.A. to Lift Lifetime Ban on Blood Donation by Gay Men 
Well: Think You Found the Perfect Gift? Think Again 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: C.D.C. Head Says Fight on Ebola Will Be Long 
Gunman May Have Used Garner and Brown Cases to Justify Police Killings, Experts Say 
U.S. Court Strikes Down North Carolina Ultrasound Abortion Law 
Group Sues Aetna, Claiming Discrimination Against H.I.V. Patients 
Obama Administration to Investigate Insurers for Bias Against Costly Conditions 
C.D.C. Head Says Fight on Ebola Will Be Long 
Op-Ed Contributors: Sugar Season. It’s Everywhere, and Addictive 
Letters: Flavors From the Past  
Global Health: For Heroin Users, Less May Be Worse for H.I.V.  
Q&amp;A:  The Danger of Going Off Course 
Video: Is farmed fish better than no fish at all?  #askwell 
Well: Living With Cancer: Playing the C Card 
Patterns: How E-books May Disrupt Your Sleep 
Books: Gabriele Oettingen Turns Her Mind to Motivation in ‘Rethinking Positive Thinking’ 
RT @celiadugger: Competition seems to driving down the exorbitant cost of hep c drugs after all. 
Personal Health: Why Cafeteria Food Is the Best 
Pharmacy Deal Heralds Changed Landscape for Hepatitis Drugs 
Military Medicine: Military Hospital Care Is Questioned; Next, Reprisals 
Dispatch: Ebola Should Be Easy to Treat 
Pain Clinic Doctor Is Sentenced In Overdose Deaths of 2 Patients  
Hepatitis C Treatment Wins Approval, but Price Relief May Be Limited 
Well: For Hanukkah, Cooking With Oil 
The New Old Age Blog: Dementia, but Prettier 
Lee W. Wattenberg, Who Saw Cancer Fighters in Foods, Dies at 92 
Liberia Will Proceed With Senate Vote Delayed by Ebola  
World Briefing: Obesity May Be a Disability, Court Says 
Well: Weight Gain During Pregnancy Is Especially Good for Boys 
Well: Ask Well: Wild Fish vs. Farmed Fish 
Medical Paradox: Can Cuba Escape Poverty but Stay Healthy? 
World Briefing: Agencies Warn of Hunger in Ebola Zone 
Citing Health Risks, Cuomo to Ban Fracking in New York State 
For That Door-to-Treadmill Service 
Well: Belly Fat Tied to Sudden Cardiac Death 
The New Old Age Blog: Questionable Remedies for Eye Disease 
Go for a run, hop on a bike or jump in that pool -- and change your DNA. 
Massachusetts Pharmacy Owners Arrested in Meningitis Deaths 
For First Time, Treatment Helps Patients With Worst Kind of Stroke, Study Says 
Well: How Exercise Changes Our DNA 
National Briefing Federal Health Exchange Sees Enrollment Flurry 
Vivek Murthy, the New Surgeon General, Isn’t Afraid to Take a Stand 
U.N. Secretary General to Visit Ebola-Plagued Nations 
F.D.A. Approves System That May Make Blood Transfusions Safer 
Well: Questioning the Idea of Good Carbs, Bad Carbs 
RT @sangerkatz: E-cig study fascinating. Per @stavernise, teen e-cig use is up, while traditional smoking is way down. 
E-Cigarettes on Rise Among Teenagers, Study Finds 
Fewer Ebola Cases Go Unreported Than Thought, Study Finds  
Death in Bronx Shows Vulnerability of State’s Nursing Home Residents  
With Hospitals Under Stress, Tennessee’s Governor Pursues Medicaid Expansion 
The Mumps, a Scourge of Dormitories, Spreads Through the N.H.L. 
Paying Till It Hurts: The Odd Math of Medical Tests: One Scan, Two Prices, Both High 
Reactions: Darwin in Space, Dying Well, Eating the Cure 
Senate, Ending Long Fight, Confirms Obama Pick for Surgeon General 
Memo From Paris: A Plan to Limit Cars in Paris Collides With French Politics  
Well: Aspirin Risks Outweigh Benefits for Younger Women 
National Briefing Well: Poor Sleep Tied to Brain Changes of Dementia 
The Echoes of Hearts Long Silenced 
Well: Ask Well: Why Do My Knees Make Noise When I Squat? 
Op-Ed Contributor: Board-Certification Has Gone Too Far 
Well: The Myth of Comfort Food 
Well: A Shortage of Juggling Doctors 
Q&amp;A:  Ironclad Results 
Well: Infusionarium Aims to Take Trauma Out of Chemotherapy for Young 
Global Health: Gun Proliferation Fuels Homicide Rates in the Americas 
Findings: A Meditation on the Art of Not Trying  
RT @KJDellAntonia: Join @NYTMotherlode and @BethBDaley tomorrow 2p 4 live chat re:: the impact of Oversold prenatal tests 
Well: Moving Away From Nursing Homes 
The New Health Care: Forbidden Topic in Health Policy Debate: Cost Effectiveness 
An Ebola Orphan’s Plea in Africa: ‘Do You Want Me?’ 
Op-Ed Contributor: Making a Pig’s Ear of Food Safety 
Well: Weight Gain Carries Risks, No Matter Your Weight 
The New Old Age Blog: U.S. Health Care Lags Worldwide for Those Over 65 
Well: Pâté from the Sea 
Strange Climate Event: Warmth Toward U.S. for Its More Assertive Role  
Judge Says Actavis Must Continue to Sell Namenda, a Drug for Alzheimer’s Disease 
World Briefing: Mali: No Ebola Cases, Ministry Says 
RT @bencareynyt: The psychological "theory" of torture, and its recent history: 
RT @bencareynyt: The psychological "theory" of torture, and its recent history: 
Researcher who conducted studies CIA psychologists cited said he was “grieved and horrified” by twisting of his work. 
Double plastic problems:  and  
RT @cslnyt: Worried about sexual assault? Read this  @susandominus
Gay Advocates Can Shift Same-Sex Marriage Views 
RT @paula_span: Do seniors in assisted living have fewer "unmet needs" than those living in own homes? Sort of. 
Well: The Punishing Cost of Cancer Care 
Insurers in New York Must Cover Gender Reassignment Surgery, Cuomo Says 
In New Mexico, Deliverer of a Town’s Children Faces Salacious Accusations 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Approves New Version of Cervical Cancer Vaccine  
Health Goth: When Darkness and Gym Rats Meet 
Philadelphia Transit Agency Sues Gilead Over Cost of Sovaldi 
Well: Exercising a Fat Dog (and Yourself) 
Op-Ed Contributor: Don’t Homogenize Health Care 
RT @bstrauch: Depression that melts away? This new/old drug helps some and drug companies have big plans.But can it work? 
Biscuits, as the psychologists that assist w/ interrogations are known, have long raised red flags for their peers.  
Worth revisiting this @bencareynyt piece on psychologists’ central role in C.I.A. interrogations. 
For Many With Breast Cancer, Shorter Radiation Treatment Is Just as Effective, Study Finds 
Well: Got a Minute? Let’s Work Out 
National Briefing Special K, a Hallucinogen, Raises Hopes and Concerns as a Treatment for Depression 
Overdoses involving prescription drugs are a leading cause of accidental death in the United States. 
RT @UpshotNYT: Obamacare is not one-size-fits-all and here's why:  
Running may reverse aging in certain ways while walking does not. 
The New Old Age Blog: Unmet Needs Continue to Pile Up 
RT @deborahblum: A chilling story: When a Rapist’s Weapon Is a Drug 
RT @cslnyt: Stroke in #pregnancy is "rare, deadly and increasing"  @acognews @Preeclampsia @MySMFM
The research behind roofies and rapists who feel drawn to drug. 
A step toward reducing deaths from lung cancer. 
Propensity for Pessimism: The Battle Over Douglas Elmendorf — and the Inability to See Good News 
Patients Prescribed Narcotic Painkillers Use More of Them for Longer, Study Finds 
Vote on Vivek Murthy, Surgeon General Nominee, May Be Near 
G.O.P. Extracts Price for Averting Shutdown 
After years of research there is genuine hope for reducing the toll of lung cancer.  
World Briefing Half of Doctors Listed as Serving Medicaid Patients Are Unavailable, Investigation Finds 
Why would someone who has seemingly easy access to consensual sex resort to drugging? The research: 
The New Health Care: Health Care Law Is Not One-Size-Fits-All, and Here’s Why 
The Mediterranean Diet Is Good for Your DNA 
Rate of Stroke Rising in Pregnant Women, Report Finds 
When a Rapist’s Weapon is a Drug 
Despite treatment advances for many cancers, lung cancer has remained a stubborn killer. 
RT @randyNYT: How NYT covers Ebola  Editor Greg Winter quoted also supervises Mexico, has handled a lot of #Ayotzinap…
Well: BPA in Cans and Plastic Bottles Linked to Quick Rise in Blood Pressure 
Well: For Lung Cancer Screening, a Small Dose of Hope 
Well: Antibiotics May Not Raise Asthma Risk 
An Ebola Doctor’s Return From the Edge of Death  
Paid to Promote Eye Drug, and Prescribing It Widely 
Dallas Physician in Nation’s First Ebola Case Acknowledges Errors in Treatment 
Liberian President’s Ban on Rallies Is Seen as Political 
An Ebola Doctor’s Return From the Edge of Death  
As Ebola Rages, Poor Planning Thwarts Efforts  
Vegetable Spawns Larceny and Luxury in Peru 
Cancer Drugs That Free Brake on Immune System Show Promise for Hodgkin’s 
World Briefing: Pakistan: Children May Have Been Infected with H.I.V. 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Hideous Sore Solved 
The New Health Care: The Health-Cost Slowdown Isn’t Just About the Economy 
Well: Wild About Mushrooms 
Well: The Yogurt Must Be Greek 
Well: The Yogurt Must Be Greek 
What common spice can cause hallucinations? Take our quiz. 
Clues emerge as to why the Mediterranean diet is good for you. 
Take this quiz to see whether you have a a Mediterranean diet.  
A young doctor goes to the world cup, then develops a terrible rash. Then her boyfried gets it. What's causing it? 
Liberia Bans Election Rallies to Fight Ebola  
Well: After a Cancer Diagnosis, Learning to Let Go 
RT @paula_span: New York City's first geriatric cardiology clinic opens, because in medicine age is not just a number.  
The general fertility rate in the United States dropped to a record low last year, 
C.D.C. Warns That Flu Season May Be More Deadly Than Usual 
The New Old Age Blog: A Focus on the Heart for Older Patients 
RT @UpshotNYT: ProPublica offers a tool for figuring out what's changed in the details of your health insurance plan. 
Can you figure out what caused a hideous sore? 
The Mediterranean diet is good for your DNA. 
A significant share of the bacteria present in India are immune to nearly all antibiotics. 
RT @nycscribe: Superbugs are one compelling reason the world should care about India's sanitation. @GardinerHarris 
Public restrooms aren’t any dirtier than the rest of our environment, researchers report. 
Enrollments Under Health Law Continue at Solid Pace 
Well: Go Ahead, Use the Restroom 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Hideous Sore 
Chronic Diseases Are Killing More in Poorer Countries 
Court Strikes Down Drug Tests for Florida Welfare Applicants 
University of Texas Says It Can Account for Missing Brain Specimens 
‘Superbugs’ Kill India’s Babies and Pose an Overseas Threat 
British Regulator Urges Home Births Over Hospitals for Uncomplicated Pregnancies 
Think Like a Doctor contest by Dr. Lisa Sanders -- goes live at 8 am on Well  
Medicines Taken During Pregnancy to Get Clearer Warnings on Risk 
Meet the virus detective. (Photo by Damon Winter.)  
Running may reverse aging in certain ways while walking does not.
Well: Run to Stay Young 
New York Plan Aims to Divert Mentally Ill People From Jail’s Revolving Door 
At N.I.H., Obama Stresses Need to Keep Funding Fight Against Ebola  
Giants Chairman Finances Improved Medical Supervision for School Football Programs 
Business Briefing: Biogen Idec Alzheimer’s Drug to Receive Late-Stage Study 
Monitoring for Those Exposed to New York Ebola Patient Ends 
New Concerns Over Response to Ebola Crisis 
Well: Mediterranean Diet Is Good for Your DNA 
A review of ‘Invisible History of the Human Race.’ on @nytimesbooks list of notable books of the year. 
Being Mortal is on @nytimesbooks list of notable books. Here is our review: 
Bugs in Manhattan Compete With Rats for Food Refuse 
C.D.C. urges teenage boys to get circumcised to reduce risk of getting H.I.V. 
Well: Circumcision Guidelines Target Teenagers 
Antismoking Story That Is Tailored to Native Alaskans 
New York City Plans Focus on Mental Health in Justice System 
Video Feature: Jade’s Journey Marked by Drugs and Death 
New York Attorney General Critical of Heroin Antidote’s Cost 
2014 Goals for Ebola Treatment May Not Be Met, U.N. Health Officials Say 
Well: Hoping for a Good Death 
Well: Therapy Prevents Repeat Suicide Attempts 
Op-Ed Contributors: Why Our Memory Fails Us 
Global Health: GlaxoSmithKline Leads In Getting Drugs to Poor 
Well: I Was My Own Trauma Unit 
Books: ‘The Invisible History of the Human Race’ Provides Transparency on Our Genetic Heritage 
The New Old Age Blog: Part D for Drug Coverage — and Drudgery 
Sifting Through Genes in Search of Answers on Ebola 
Well: When Everyday Noise Is Unbearable 
Well: Diabetes in Midlife Tied to Memory Problems Late in Life 
Well: Ask Well: Eating Fat to Boost Vitamin D and Calcium 
Reactions: Patient Results, Risks Beyond Fertility, Tallying Up What We Eat 
Observatory: A Vulture’s Gut Is Simple but Seems Effective 
RT @UpshotNYT: Why we are eating more berries these days. (It's supply-side, not demand.)   
RT @jswatz: Hope after pain, depression, and alcoholic haze: Neediest Cases / @AlexVadukul 
RT @michaelpollan: Important NYT story on big data and farming suggesting it will benefit the biggest players and monocropping. 
Well: Prescribing Vegetables, Not Pills 
The New Health Care: Underinsurance Remains Big Problem Under Obama Health Law 
Federal Study Finds 55 Percent of Infants Sleep With Soft Bedding, Raising Risk of Death 
Popular ‘Eat This, Not That!’ Brand to Start Quarterly Magazine 
Case Seeking Job Protections for Pregnant Women Heads to Supreme Court  
Drug to Stop Heroin Deaths Is More Costly, the Police Say 
Ebola Now Preoccupies Once-Skeptical Leader in Guinea 
Retro Report: Long After an ’80s Scare, Suspicion of Power Lines Prevails 
N.F.L. Teams Now Operate Under a Concussion Management Protocol 
Suit on Health Law Puts Focus on Funding Powers  
Opinion: Can Mushrooms Treat Depression? 
At Assisted-Living Home Set to Close, Holdouts Dig In as Services Dry Up 
Denham Harman, 98, Dies; Sought Leverage on Aging  
At Assisted-Living Home Set to Close, Holdouts Dig In as Services Dry Up 
More Pastors Embrace Talk of Mental Ills 
The private complexities of obesity at a young age. 
This is what you do with all that turkey.  
RT @celiadugger: More polio vaccinators murdered in Pakistan, main bastion of the disease. Nawaz Sharif's promises unkept. 
This is what you do with Thanksgiving leftovers. 5 ideas that are pleasantly edible.  
One less thing to worry about  as you renew your commitment to excercise: antioxidants. They may be that helpful. 
In Arizona, a Textbook Fuels a Broader Dispute Over Sex Education  
Despite Aid Push, Ebola Is Raging in Sierra Leone 
Study Details Presidents’ Paths From Power to Dusty Corner of Cultural Memory 
Drug Maker Gave Large Payments to Doctors With Troubled Track Records  
National Briefing Wyoming Devises Plan to Expand Medicaid 
Food for Thought: Calories on Menus: Nationwide Experiment Into Human Behavior 
News Analysis: Without Passing a Single Law, Obama Crafts Bold Enviornmental Policy 
Sierra Leone to Eclipse Liberia in Ebola Cases 
1 Million Applied for Health Insurance in Federal Marketplace in First Week of Enrollment 
Well: Diabetes Screening Lags in People With Hypertension 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: No-Bake Apple Pie 
The Ethicist: Should Free Office Food Be Taken Home? 
RT @paula_span: Elder mistreatment in nursing homes often involves residents vs residents: Chilling new study says 1 in five.  
RT @bstrauch: As @ginakolata writes, private oncologists are a vanishing breed and patients are paying higher prices. 
RT @cslnyt: Soon you'll know the calories in takeout, movie popcorn &amp; even restaurant beer - thx to FDA  @stavernise …
RT @deborahblum: The poison writer in the holidays! My latest for @nytimes: A Warning on Nutmeg  via @nytimeswell
Well: Why Antioxidants Don’t Belong in Your Workout 
State Investigating Woman’s Death After Nursing Home Evacuation  
National Briefing Eli Lilly Gets European Approval to Sell Trulicity, a Type 2 Diabetes Drug 
Obama to Introduce Sweeping New Controls on Ozone Emissions 
Op-Ed Contributor: The Problem With Prostate Screening 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Vegetable Tarts, Big and Small 
Well: A Warning on Nutmeg 
Panel Decides Against Strongest F.D.A. Warning on Steroid Injections 
Evidence that serious physiological dysfunctions are at the root of chronic fatigue syndrome. 
Even beer will get calorie counts at chains across the country starting soon. 
The New Old Age Blog: Violence in the Nursing Home 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: A Quinoa Stuffing 
RT @bstrauch: Want to know how many calories in that huge movie popcorn? Probably not. But now you will. 
Report Faults Care of Peace Corps Volunteer 
World Briefing: New Strain of Bird Flu Prompts a Warning for Farmers 
Lawmakers Look for Ways to Provide Relief for Rising Cost of Generic Drugs 
Health Care Delays Lead to Ouster of Veterans Hospital Director in Phoenix 
F.D.A. to Announce Sweeping Calorie Rules for Restaurants 
F.D.A. Issues Caution on Use of Uterine Surgery Device That Can Spread Cancer 
Well: Yogurt May Lower Diabetes Risk 
Well: Ask Well: Can Athletes Be Vegans? 
Global Health: Hookah, as Health Risk, Still Qualifies as Smoking 
The Scan: Science Events: Minimalist Music and a Spotlight on Sex  
Q&amp;A: What Determines the Color of Fish Flesh? 
Well: Brains of People with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Offer Clues About Disorder 
Leading Surgeon Is Accused of Misconduct in Experimental Transplant Operations  
Books: 'XL Love' Examines the Private Complications of Obesity in Americans’ Relationships 
Radiologists Are Reducing the Pain of Uncertainty 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Pomegranate Salad 
Vegetarian Thanksgiving need not mean Tofurky. Lots of delicious ideas here.  
Well: PCOS: An Infertility Issue That Is Little Understood 
Well: Low Vitamin D Tied to Higher Death Risk 
A Quirk in Drug Pricing. Reimbursements in private practice vs. a hospital by @ginakolata   
RT @UpshotNYT: How to create the best healthcare policies.  
RT @sangerkatz: In case you weren't on Twitter Friday night. HHS is wrestling with complex issues in reshaping renewal policy: 
Snow Brings Days of Tumult for Residents of Nursing Home Near Buffalo 
Notable Absence of New Ebola Quarantines at New York Area Airports 
Home-Birth Film Prepares for Redelivery, Worldwide 
Private Oncologists Being Forced Out, Leaving Patients to Face Higher Bills 
Retro Report: Debate Persists Over Diagnosing Mental Health Disorders, Long After ‘Sybil’ 
Teenage drivers who sleep later have fewer car accidents, a study suggests. 
Dr. Donald F. Steiner, Diabetes Researcher, Dies at 84 
The New Health Care: Change in Health Care Law Would Take Aim at Consumer Inertia 
Officials Revise Goals on Containing Ebola After Signs of Wider Exposure in Mali  
RT @palafo: Adam Lanza’s Mental Problems ‘Completely Untreated’ Before Newtown Shootings, Report Says, via @nytimes 
RT @UpshotNYT: Randomized trials are highly effective for improving health care delivery, but they're also rare. Why? 
The New Health Care: How to Arrive at the Best Health Policies  
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Skyping the Holiday Meal 
House Republicans Sue Obama Administration Over Health Law 
Hungover this morning? Most people who get drunk are not alcoholics. There may be other strategies to help you.  
Recipes for Health: Apples From Thanksgiving Start to Finish 
Well: Antibiotics During Pregnancy May Increase Child’s Obesity Risk 
Years after their diagnosis, many people observe their cancer-versaries. 
Why it’s important for people to know how much their health care tests cost. 
National Briefing The New Health Care: Health Enrollment Counting Error Shows Where System Is Still Broken 
F.D.A. Approves Hysingla, a Powerful Painkiller 
Ebola Spread Has Slowed in Liberia, C.D.C. Says 
About 29% of the population meets the definition for excessive drinking, but 90% of them do not meet the definition of alcoholism.
Well: Most Heavy Drinkers Are Not Alcoholics 
Navy medical officer who refused to force-feed prisoners at Guantánamo gets support from nurses. 
The man who figured out that Lyme disease was connected to ticks has died. 
How barley has made living at high altitudes possible. 
The problem with treating the health care system like an all-you-can-eat buffet. 
RT @paula_span: Settled: Hospice saves health care costs  (average $9K last yr of life), big study of people w/ terminal cancer shows http:…
The New Old Age Blog: An Easier Death, and Less Costly, Too 
Well: Living With Cancer: Gravy Days 
Observatory: Living Higher, Thanks to Barley 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Food Allergies and Autumn Quinoa 
DNA testing on fang marks has the potential to save lives. 
RT @bstrauch: An inside look at why things might not be working so well in fight against Ebola in Liberia. 
Well: That Medical Test Costs $50, or Is It $500? 
Massachusetts Town Votes to End Bid for Tobacco Ban 
Ebola’s Economic Cost Re-Examined  
Ebola Response in Liberia Is Hampered by Infighting 
Willy Burgdorfer, Who Found Bacteria That Cause Lyme Disease, Is Dead at 89 
RT @bstrauch: The nasty norovirus may wreck a good cruise, but it has its good side. 
Well: For Teenagers, Early School Start Means More Car Crashes, Study Finds 
Some are calling today World Toilet Day. Here is @GardinerHarris epic piece on kids and sanitation. 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: A Squash Main Course 
Matter: Viruses as a Cure 
Obama’s Executive Order on Immigration Is Unlikely to Include Health Benefits 
Eat: Delicious Medicine for the Body and Soul 
Ebola Test Is Negative on Woman Who Died in New York 
RT @cslnyt: A friend has an abscessed tooth. She didn't realize an oral infection can land her in the hospital but it can 
Well: Does Exercise Really Make Us Smarter? 
For Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, Venture Yields Windfall in Hope and Cash 
Woman’s Remains Tested for Ebola in New York 
The New Health Care: $2.6 Billion to Develop a Drug? New Estimate Makes Questionable Assumptions 
Op-Ed Contributors: How Medical Care Is Being Corrupted 
RT @cslnyt: Should food containing pot require approval before it can be sold?  #Colorado
The New Health Care: How Much Did Health Insurance Rates Go Up? It’s Complicated 
RT @UpshotNYT: How much did Obamacare insurance rates go up? Well, it depends on who's counting and how. 
Indian Ebola Survivor Is Under Quarantine at Delhi Airport 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Vegan Mac N Cheez 
Study Tempers Promise of Drug for Marfan Syndrome 
Brooklyn Hospital Is Told to Keep Girl, 2, on Life Support Amid Organ Donation Fight 
RT @paula_span: The invisible patient: the one who's taking care of the patient. @janegross on caring for caregivers. 
Well: Obesity Is Tied to Pollutants 
Well: The Best Odds for a Colon Test 
Reactions: The Brain’s Depths and Romancing the Bomb 
Q&amp;A: Taking More Than One Vaccine at a Time Doesn't Hurt 
Global Health: Snakes Leave Identity Within Their Fang Marks 
Disgusted by Smoking, Outraged by a Plan to Ban Tobacco 
The New Old Age Blog: Seeing the ‘Invisible Patient’ 
Study Finds Alternative to Statins in Preventing Heart Attacks and Strokes 
Health Law Turns Obama and Insurers Into Allies 
RT @sangerkatz: There are a lot of ways to look at Obamacare rates for year two. Here's the one we like best:  @amand…
RT @abbygoodnough: Patient who died of Ebola at Nebraska hospital this a.m. 'had no kidney function', was 'unresponsive' when he arrived fr…
RT @abbygoodnough: Ebola patient at Nebraska hospital received ZMapp, plasma transfusion, dialysis. But "we weren't able to get him through…
Well: An Incipient Threat to Our Hearts 
Doctor Being Treated for Ebola in Omaha Dies 
RT @SominiSengupta: UN's new Ebola crisis manager for Guinea -- Marcel Rudasingwa -- has died. UN says "natural causes." He was 59.
RT @nycscribe: "Bring out your sick," is the call in rural Guinea, belatedly grappling with Ebola's hidden toll. 
Dandano Journal: Fear of Ebola Opens Wary Villages to Outsiders in Guinea 
Colorado Health Department to Recommend ‘Premarket Approval’ for Edible Marijuana  
Some Hiccups, but Federal Health Exchange Website Is in Good Health 
Fighting an Epidemic: AIDS Group Wages Lonely Fight Against Pill to Prevent H.I.V. 
Some New Frustrations as Health Exchange Opens 
Some New Frustrations as Health Exchange Opens 
Martin Salia, Surgeon With Ebola, Arrives in Nebraska From Sierra Leone 
Electrical Scalp Device Can Slow Progression of Deadly Brain Tumors 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Caramelized Onion and Fennel Risotto 
Rare Vaccine-Derived Polio Discovered in 2 Countries 
Yale Medical School Removes Doctor After Sexual Harassment Finding 
Affordable Care Act Supporter Ignites Fury With a Word: ‘Stupid’ 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Approves Avastin as Ovarian Cancer Treatment  
Tip on Medicare Spurs Insider Trading Investigation 
Cost of Coverage Under Affordable Care Act to Increase in 2015 
One Drug or 2? Parents See Risk but Also Hope  
National Briefing The New Health Care: Why Shopping Is So Important in Health Enrollment 
Well: Recipes for Health: Beans for Your Thanksgiving Table 
Health Care Act Faces Major Test: Getting Users to Re-enroll 
Beltway Accounting: The Policy at the Heart of the Jonathan Gruber Controversy 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Really Big Beets 
RT @celiadugger: Easier to use injectible contraceptive to help poor rural women in Africa. @pfizer @gatesfoundation @usaid involved. http:…
RT @EllenBarryNYT: Antibiotics given to women after sterilization were contaminated w zinc phosphide -- rat poison, says state official. ht…
The New Old Age Blog: Dreaming of the Departed 
Eureka: The Ice-Bucket Racket 
Well: Ask Well: How Many Eggs Can I Eat? 
National Briefing World Briefing: Portugal: Legionnaires’ Disease Alert 
E-Cigarettes Gain Among High School Students, C.D.C. Finds 
Psychologists to Review Role in Detainee Interrogations 
In Ebola Outbreak in Liberia, a Family’s Strength Can Be Its Fatal Flaw 
Well: Firefighter Accidents Are Linked to Sleep Problems 
Well: Think Twice Before Choosing Knee Replacement 
Liberia President, Citing Ebola Gains, Ends State of Emergency 
Pfizer and Aid Groups Team Up on Depo-Provera Contraceptive for Developing World 
A hearty salad for the non-meat eaters at Thanksgiving  It's Vegetarian Thanksgiving Day #3!  
Well: When Patients Don’t Follow Up 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Rice, Beet and Kale Salad With Cider Dressing 
The Innovations Issue: Why Are There So Few New Drugs Invented Today? 
Web of Incentives in Fatal Indian Sterilizations 
National Briefing Researchers to Test New Treatments in Countries Hit Hardest by Ebola 
Health Officials Reassess Strategy to Combat Ebola in Liberia 
New Prediction Model Could Reduce Military Suicides, Study Finds 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Bread Salad Inspired by Stuffing 
Delicious! A fall salad inspired by Tuscany and Thanksgiving stuffing. #VegetarianThanksgiving  
Mali Reports a Second, Larger Ebola Outbreak 
Well: Website Explores Sugar’s Effects on Health 
Well: Exercising but Gaining Weight 
11 Women Die After Botched Government Sterilizations in India 
World Briefing: Mali: New Ebola Case Is Confirmed as Response to First Was Wrapping Up 
U.N. Seeks a More Nimble Response to Ebola in Africa 
Contributing Op-Ed Writer: Don’t Ask How to Feed the 9 Billion 
States Race to Improve Health Exchanges as Open Enrollment Nears 
Distracted Parenting: How an iPhone Can Lead to Broken Bones for Young Children 
RT @paula_span: Lawsuits filed: Widowed spouses denied Soc Security benefits if their states won't recognize their same-sex marriages http:…
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving: Brussels Sprouts Sliders 
With Phone Calls and Persistence, Tracking Travelers at Risk for Ebola 
The New Old Age Blog: Spouses Denied Social Security Survivors’ Benefits 
Craig Spencer, New York’s Ebola Patient, Is Cured 
Affordable Care Act Enrollment FAQs 
Open Source: Sierra Leone Defends Jailing Critic of Ebola Response 
Medicare Proposes Paying for Lung Cancer Screenings for Older Longtime Smokers 
Estimate of Health Coverage Enrollment Leaves Room to Grow 
V.A. Creates Plans to Consolidate Services 
Op-Ed Contributor: Where Hell Is Other Patients 
Reactions: After the Fall: Preventing Catastrophe 
Well: Ask Well: Immune to Ebola? 
The Map Makers: Learning How Little We Know About the Brain 
Craig Spencer, New York Doctor With Ebola, Will Leave Bellevue Hospital 
The Doctor's World: Like AIDS Before It, Ebola Isn't Explained Clearly by Officials 
Well: What Our Sewage Can Teach Us 
Science Bookshelf: Best Selling Science Books 
Global Health: A Rare Form of Malaria Is Spreading in Malaysia 
DealBook: Dendreon, Maker of Prostate Cancer Drug Provenge, Files for Bankruptcy 
The New Health Care: Shortage of Medicaid Doctors? Not if You Ask Patients 
Quick Response and Old-Fashioned Detective Work Thwart Ebola in Mali 
Well: Retesting Breast Cancer Axioms 
Researchers Gather in India to Discuss Malnutrition’s Links to Sanitation 
Ernie Vandeweghe, Knick and Physician, Dies at 86 
Detergent Pods Pose Risk to Children, Study Finds 
The Ebola Ward: Ebola’s Mystery: One Boy Lives, Another Dies 
Op-Ed Contributors: Making Chemistry Green 
Needing to Hire, Chief of V.A. Tries to Sell Doctors on Change  
Montefiore’s New Bronx Medical Center Emphasizes Outpatient Care 
W.H.O. Issues New Guidelines on Safely Burying Ebola Victims 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Going Blind Solved! 
Supreme Court Accepts New Challenge to Health Law 
RT @paula_span: Older folks seeing things that aren't there. My post on something called Charles Bonnet Syndrome. 
Q: Which might you breathe in gym air? 1) CO2 2) dust 3) formaldehyde A: See quiz by @camaldarelli  
The New Old Age Blog: Hello, Green Man 
Genetically Modified Potato Is Approved by U.S.D.A. 
Dallas Celebrates as Ebola Monitoring Nears an End 
Well: A Low-Carb Switch for Mashed Potatoes 
Veterans Affairs Chief Calls Culture Change Key to Improving System’s Health Care 
A Post-Election Day Certainty: New Scrutiny for the Affordable Care Act 
Q. and A. With Sheri Fink on Covering Ebola in Liberia 
RT @paula_span: Attention. Sympathy. Activism? What #BrittanyMaynard's death may mean for the national aid in dying movement. 
Well: Low Birth Weight Tied to Hip Replacement in Adulthood 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Going Blind 
Well: Great Vacation? Don’t Brag to Your Friends 
In Exclusive Club of U.S. Ebola Survivors, Kinship Is Sealed in Blood  
Treating Those Treating Ebola in Liberia 
Op-Ed Contributor: An Epidemic of Thyroid Cancer? 
The next Think Like a Doctor diagnosis contest from Dr. Lisa Sanders goes up tomorrow at 8 a.m.!
Study Warns Against Overdiagnosis of Thyroid Cancer 
Well: Colon Cancer Rates Rising in Younger People 
How healthy did you really think the air at the gym was? See if you were right  
Obama to Ask Congress for $6 Billion to Fight Ebola 
Well: The Eczema and Broken Bone Connection 
The New Old Age Blog: A New Face on the End-of-Life Debate 
Need rescue breaths after your workout today? Know what you're breathing in?  
Free of Ebola, Nurse’s Aide to Be Released From Madrid Hospital 
The New Health Care: States Benefiting Most From Obama’s Health Law Elected Republicans 
Well: The Bad Air in Our Gyms 
Researchers Seek Crucial Tool: A Fast, Finger-Prick Ebola Test  
Midterm Calculus: Election Results 2014: The Effect on Medicaid Expansion 
RT @katiehafner: 2nd installment of falls series out: One woman's life upended by a stumble.  #FallPrevention @AARP @…
For Many Small Business Owners, Providing Health Insurance Remains a Struggle 
Stryker Settles Suits by Hip Implant Patients for $1 Billion 
Brittany Maynard, ‘Death With Dignity’ Ally, Dies at 29 
National Briefing Inquiry Faults Liberia Force That Fired on Protesters 
After a tiny stumble, life is upended in an instant  
Global Health: H.I.V. Patients in Yemen Face Hospital Evictions 
Observatory: Papers That Are Most Cited Aren’t Most Famous 
After the Fall: Second of Two Articles: A Tiny Stumble, a Life Upended  
Well: The Capacity to Treat, and to Spread 
The Doctor's World: Fighting an Epidemic With Hands Tied 
Well: Placebo May Aid Baby’s Cough 
A Debatable Fix for Young Eyes With Myopia 
Q&amp;A:  A Gene by Any Other Name 
The New Health Care: Malpractice Reform Won’t Do Much to Reduce Health Spending 
Ebola Cure Delayed by Drug Industry’s Drive for Profit, W.H.O. Leader Says 
Well: Emotion Is Not the Best Medicine, Ebola Case Further Shows 
Falls are the leading cause of injury-related death for Americans over 65  
Preventing falls in retirement facilities requires designers to see a building in a new light  
The number of people over 65 who died after a fall reached nearly 24,000 in 2012 
U.N. Employee Under Treatment for Ebola in France 
Falls are the leading cause of injury-related death for Americans over 65  
The New Old Age Blog: A Rise in Falls 
Bracing for the Falls of an Aging Nation 
Bernard Mayes, 85, Dies; Started First U.S. Suicide Hotline 
Defects Found Before Debut of Health Insurance Site for Small Businesses 
Opinion: There Is No ‘Healthy’ Microbiome 
Girl, 7, Barred From a Connecticut School Over Ebola Concerns Goes Back to Class 
News Analysis: Alarmed by Ebola, Public Isn’t Calmed by ‘Experts Say’ 
Better Staffing Seen as Crucial to Ebola Treatment in Africa 
Repeal of Health Law, Once Central to G.O.P., Is Side Issue in Campaigns 
Don't want heartburn in bed? What's your deadline for that last taco? Take this quiz by @camaldarelli 
Well: The Workout: Running While Pregnant 
Maine Judge Orders Ebola Quarantine for Nurse 
Well: Low Vitamin D Tied to Asthma Attacks 
North Korea Said to Impose Ebola Quarantine on All Travelers 
In New York, Protections Offered for Medical Workers Joining Ebola Fight 
Liberia’s Ebola Crisis Puts President in Harsh Light 
Well: A Heart Risk in Drinking Water 
RT @paula_span: Words flashed on a computer screen create"positive age stereotypes" and more physical strength in older adults? Yep. http:/…
RT @ginakolata: live or die with Ebola infection? Genes may hold clues 
Genes Influence Ebola Infections in Mice, Study Suggests 
Well: Living With Cancer: Not Talking About Medical Mistakes 
Kaci Hickox, Nurse Under Ebola Quarantine, Takes Bike Ride, Defying Maine Officials 
The New Old Age Blog: A Workout for the Mind 
Denver PD: Parents of Halloween trick-or-treaters beware. Which is the pot gummy? 
Well: Pronouncing the Patient Dead 
Well: Is 10,000 Hours All I Need to Run a Faster Marathon? 
California’s Proposition 45 Would Offer Public a Say on Health Insurance Rates 
F.D.A. Approves Pfizer’s Trumenba, a Vaccine for a Rare Meningitis 
New Scrutiny on Sweets With Ascent of Marijuana in Colorado 
After a Family Trip to Africa, a Connecticut Girl, 7, Is Unwelcome at School  
Microsoft Jumps Into the Growing Market for Wearable Fitness Technology  
@HealthStudent Thanks. Correct link is 
How does breast cancer change romance? These women &amp; men know 
Well: Knowing Cancer Risk May Not Affect Screening Rates 
Those goo packets really can help your marathon 
Kaci Hickox, Nurse Who Treated Ebola Patients, May Sue Maine Over Quarantine 
Well: Ask Well: Is the Ebola Epidemic Ending in Africa? 
Ebola May be Slowing in Liberia, W.H.O. Says 
The New Health Care: A Formula to Find the Uninsured Around the Country 
Bellevue Workers, Worn Out From Treating Ebola Patient, Face Stigma Outside Hospital 
Education Life: This Is Your Brain on Drugs 
Well: Sports Gels Can Improve Marathon Times, but Pace Them Right 
Unease Lingers in the Bronx Despite a Boy’s Negative Ebola Test  
New York’s Rules to Let Travelers Pick Site for Isolation 
In Liberia, a Good or Very Bad Sign: Empty Beds 
Cause of Children’s Paralysis Remains Unclear 
Children and the Risk of Ebola 
Obama Defends C.D.C.'s Ebola Rules as ‘Sensible, Based in Science’ 
I plan to keep my nose. And I have you to thank, Renée Zellweger.    
Amber Joy Vinson, Dallas Nurse Treated for Ebola, Released From Hospital 
Well: Renée Zellweger and Me 
Connecticut’s Case-by-Case Approach to Ebola Quarantines Raises Concern 
Readers respond: What's it like being a mother with cancer? 
Well: Ask Well: Can You Get Ebola From a Toilet Seat? 
Health workers in Liberia and elsewhere in West Africa are finding they have to ration care  
We asked readers to share insights from their experiences with breast cancer. The response was overwhelming 
Well: Faces of Breast Cancer: Find Your Story, Join the Conversation 
With Ebola’s Arrival, de Blasio Stands Tall as Christie and Cuomo Falter  
Two Governors’ Shifts on Ebola Are Criticized as Politics, Not Science 
Seeking Unity, U.S. Revises Ebola Monitoring Rules 
Wish to Do More in Ebola Fight Meets Reality in Liberia 
Faces of Breast Cancer 
Faces of Breast Cancer 
Op-Ed Contributor: Elton John on the Unfinished Fight Against AIDS 
Essay: Magic May Lurk Inside Us All 
Q&amp;A:  Vitiligo and Vision 
Global Health: Latrines May Not Improve Health of Poor Children 
RT @grynbaum: Breaking: the 5-year-old in NYC tested negative for the Ebola virus.
Books: Martha Weinman Lear Returns to Medical Memoir, With Less Fury, in ‘Echoes of Heartsounds’ 
The Scan: A Mathematical Thriller and an Exhibition of What Could Go Wrong 
RT @nytimeswell: Need a dinner idea? Try one of these five recipes with bitter greens  
Well: Doctors and Decision Fatigue 
New Rules Coming for Health Care Workers Returning From West Africa 
RT @paula_span: Older insomniacs may actually be getting more than 7 hrs sleep. What? 
Doctors Without Borders has sent 700 doctors &amp; aid workers to Ebola-stricken countries  
Public Health: AIDS Activists Oppose Cuomo on Ebola Quarantines 
The New Old Age Blog: Insomniac, but Not Sleep-Deprived 
More than 10,000 people have contracted Ebola since March, according to the WHO  
RT @bstrauch: Nurse held in quarantine is ordered released as Ebola policy flips and flops all over the place. 
Facts you should know about Ebola  
Well: The Pleasure of Bitter Greens 
Marathons, pregnancies--each hard on their own. How do elite runners do both?  
For New York Crew, Fighting Ebola With Brush and Cleanser 
Basics: Ebola and the Vast Viral Universe 
A 5-year-old boy who recently returned to NYC from Guinea is being tested for Ebola 
RT @mattfleg: Mayor BDB stressing difficulty of Ebola transmission: "We’ve got to look at this in context. We’ve got to stop making this mo…
RT @NYTMetro: .@BilldeBlasio says anyone who didn't come into contact with a person with Ebola overseas can go home with monitoring.
The New Health Care: What to Look for in Judging the Affordable Care Act 
Well: Obese Children Show Early Signs of Heart Disease 
The New Health Care: Choosing a Health Plan Is Hard, Even for a Health Economist 
Is the Affordable Care Act Working? 
As States Look to Halt Ebola, Restrictions Prompt a Debate 
As Ebola Spreads, Asia Senses Vulnerability 
Wikipedia Is Emerging as Trusted Internet Source for Information on Ebola  
Nurse Who Spoke Out About Quarantine Felt a Calling for Health Care, Friends Say 
Download the 7-Minute Workout app from @nytimeswell for iPhone and Android  
Well: Revised Nutrition Labels Still Won’t Tell Whole Story 
Download the 7-Minute Workout app from @nytimeswell for iPhone and Android  
A Bite to Remember? Chocolate Is Shown to Aid Memory 
Governors of New York and New Jersey Defend Ebola Quarantine Amid Concerns 
Governors of New York and New Jersey Defend Ebola Quarantine 
Msgr. William B. O’Brien, 90, Is Dead; Helped Start Drug Rehabilitation Agency 
Well: Ask Well: Ebola Testing for All New Arrivals? 
Insurers’ Consumer Data Isn’t Ready for Enrollees 
More Than 10,000 Africa Ebola Cases, Health Agency Says 
New York Ebola Patient Enters Next, More Serious Phase of Illness, Officials Say 
Paying Till It Hurts: As Insurers Try to Limit Costs, Providers Hit Patients With More Separate Fees  
For Pregnant Marathoners, 2 Endurance Tests 
Early New York Response: Polar Opposite of Dallas’s 
After Negative Ebola Test, Quarantined Nurse Criticizes Treatment at Newark Airport 
NYC Health Commissioner Has Helped Quell Ebola Fears 
Opinion: The Dangers of Eating Late at Night  
Download the 7-Minute Workout app from @nytimeswell for iPhone and Android  
Bellevue Back on Front Line in Another Crisis  
Mali Reports First Death From Ebola 
Ebola Quarantines Seen as Barrier to Volunteers 
Officials Soothe Fears, While Workers Sanitize Infected Doctor’s Path 
Op-Ed Contributor: Ebola’s Information Paradox 
Abortion Capital of Bible Belt? Tennessee Vote Tests That Idea 
Ebola Patient in New York Is Called a Doctor at Ease in Danger  
World Briefing: Turkey: MERS Virus Case Is Reported 
RT @NYTMetro: The rapid escalation of screening measures for Ebola at Kennedy and Newark airports came as a surprise: 
RT @nytimes: Breaking News: New York and New Jersey to Quarantine Some Travelers Who Have Had Contact With Ebola Patients 
Well: Ask Well: Can Ebola Be Transmitted in Semen? 
Can Ebola be transmitted in semen?  
NY &amp; NJ officials say they will quarantine all medical workers returning from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa 
RT @NYTMetro: Updates from the Ebola briefing with @NYGovCuomo and @GovChristie as they announce stricter quarantine rules: 
City Room: Ebola Live Blog: New York’s First Reported Case 
"I feel fortunate and blessed to be standing here today" Nina Pham on beating Ebola 
RT @NYTMetro: After the Ebola briefing today, @BilldeBlasio rode the A train  (Photo: @joshhaner /NYT) 
Here are ways to help in efforts to halt the Ebola outbreak &amp; aid those affected 
RT @NYTMetro: "It is a global city, we knew one day we would get a patient with Ebola," said @RamRajuMD of Bellevue being prepared to handl…
RT @nytgraphics: Timeline of what's known so far about NYC #Ebola patient  
RT @NYTMetro: The coffee shop and restaurant visited by Craig Spencer are closed and being evaluated. Watch the briefing live: 
NYC doctor who has Ebola has dedicated himself to dealing with medical emergencies in faraway places 
RT @mattfleg: NYC health commissioner: 3 people under quarantine orders. "They are all well at this time." Fiancee and two friends.
RT @mattfleg: NYC health commissioner: "We may never know" how Ebola patient became infected. Was wearing protective gear.
RT @NYTMetro: .@DrMaryTBassett says of Craig Spencer: "We don't see any possibility that he contaminated his apartment." 
RT @peterbakernyt: Obama to meet with Dallas nurse Nina Pham at the White House this afternoon.
Public health authorities hope to begin trials of Ebola vaccines in West Africa in December 
A promising Ebola vaccine was shelved for nearly 10 years, writes @nytDeniseGrady 
RT @grynbaum: A CDC deputy director of infectious diseases flew to New York City last night to aid Ebola response.
Ask Well: Can I get Ebola from public transportation? 
Facts you should know about Ebola   
RT @FrancesRobles: Although Ebola-free, there is no discharge date yet for Amber Vinson.
The C.D.C. has confirmed New York patient's Ebola test, says @DrMaryTBassett
Flu season will bring a virus that spreads far faster than Ebola, and will kill thousands, by @carlzimmer 
.@BilldeBlasio says at Ebola briefing that every New Yorker should get a flu shot. He says it will help address this situation.
How modern technologies can help contain Ebola 
RT @grynbaum: "We are fully prepared to handle Ebola," says NYC's mayor, @BilldeBlasio.
The Health Issue: Searching for the Fountain of Youth 
.@deBlasioNYC says at Ebola briefing that the NYC doctor is being held in isolation and poses no threat to others
.@deBlasioNYC says at Ebola briefing: Here in NYC, "We have the finest health system" in the world
RT @mattfleg: "The process played out exactly as the protocol dictated yesterday. Literally to a T" - NYC mayor at Ebola briefing, touting …
RT @mattfleg: NYC Mayor De Blasio at Ebola briefing: "There is no reason for New Yorkers to change their daily routine in any way."
RT @NYTMetro: The Ebola briefing in New York City is getting started now. Watch live: 
RT @SarahMaslinNir: Did you travel as nurse or doc to aide in Africa w Ebola ? I'd like to hear about your experience returning home Sarah.…
You will be able to watch @deBlasioNYC's briefing on Ebola here: 
Here are ways to help in efforts to halt the Ebola outbreak &amp; aid those affected 
Ebola Vaccine Trials Planned for December 
Nina Pham, Dallas Nurse Who Had Ebola, to Be Released From Hospital 
A Dallas nurse who had Ebola, Nina Pham, is now free of the virus and will be released from the hospital 
RT @mattfleg: Looks like NYC Ebola briefing, planned for 11:30, will be closer to 12, per mayor's spokeswoman. You can see it here: 
Retracing Dr. Craig Spencer's footsteps in NYC  
NYC doctor who has Ebola has dedicated himself to dealing with medical emergencies in faraway places 
Changes to Ebola protection  worn by U.S. hospital workers  
RT @FrancesRobles: Nina Pham is being released from the hospital. #Ebola
Facts you should know about Ebola  
Officials Tracing New York Ebola Patient’s Movements, While Reassuring a Wary City 
Ask Well: Can I get Ebola from public transportation? 
Mali on Thursday became the sixth West African country to confirm an Ebola case 
Flu season will bring a virus that spreads far faster than Ebola, and will kill thousands, by @carlzimmer 
RT @NYTMetro: Health officials say now that the 103-degree fever of the Ebola patient was wrong, he had a 100.3-degree fever. 
Well: For a 7-Minute Workout, Download Our New App 
Well: The Advanced 7-Minute Workout 
RT @heathertal: The Ebola vaccine sat on a shelf for about a decade. @nytDeniseGrady’s story 
Vaccine Trials for Ebola Are Planned in West Africa 
Tracing Patient’s Possible Contacts Creates Host of Challenges for New York City 
Neighbors Say Patient Is Fast to Lend a Helping Hand 
Studies Link Mental Issues and the Rigor of the Military 
Ebola Crosses New Border as Mali Confirms a Case 
Britain Pledges Millions to Fight Ebola and Chides Others to Spend More 
Matter: As Ebola Spreads, So Have Several Fallacies 
Where the NYC Ebola patient is being treated   
Unlike Ebola, the influenza virus is truly airborne. And if will likely kill thousands this season 
A promising Ebola vaccine was shelved for nearly 10 years, writes @nytDeniseGrady 
RT @susannecraig: NYC ebola patient attempted to self isolate in his apartment.  Took his temperature twice a day.
Ask Well: Can you get Ebola from a bowling ball? 
NY Ebola patient's first fever was late morning on Thursday, says @DrMaryTBassett. He did not have a fever while bowling
RT @thomaskaplan: Ebola patient rode in an Uber car at one point, but the Uber driver is not believed to be at risk, NYC health commissione…
RT @cslnyt: First symptoms #ebola NYC patient experienced was this morning. He went on a 3-mile jog. Took subway too.
NYC Ebola patient is 33 years old, says @DrMaryTBassett 
RT @thomaskaplan: Cuomo says Ebola patient is believed to have come into contact with four people during relevant period; they have already…
Watch Gov. Cuomo and Mayor de Blasio speaking about the NY Ebola case 
Well: Can You Get Ebola From a Bowling Ball? 
RT @thomaskaplan: Cuomo: "Dallas, unfortunately, was caught before they could really prepare. ... We had the advantage of learning from the…
RT @grynbaum: "There is no reason for New Yorkers to be alarmed,” says NYC Mayor @BilldeBlasio. "Ebola is an extremely hard disease to cont…
Can you get Ebola from a bowling ball? Most likely not.  
Where the NYC Ebola patient is being treated  
RT @archietse: NYC patient pushes the number of #Ebola cases outside of Africa to 18  
A promising Ebola vaccine was shelved for nearly 10 years, writes @nytDeniseGrady 
Mayor @BilldeBlasio to hold a press conference with @NYGovCuomo on the latest Ebola news. Watch here: 
RT @jswatz: Time to go back over Ebola facts: not airborne, no transmission if there are no symptoms, direct contact with patient or fluids…
More than 400 health care workers in West Africa have been infected with Ebola during the current outbreak 
The NY Ebola patient had been working with Doctors Without Borders in Guinea before returning to NYC on Oct. 14 
RT @lpolgreen: Nearly 9000 infected in West Africa; +4400 dead. In America? 6 cases so far, one dead.  
How modern technologies can help contain Ebola 
Ebola is extremely unlikely to spread through public transit for several reasons. 
A doctor in NYC who recently returned from Guinea tested positive for the Ebola virus 
Remember it’s hard to get Ebola — even on an airplane. 
Paul Allen to Give $100 Million to Tackle Ebola Crisis 
Patient Placed in Isolation for Ebola Testing at Bellevue Hospital in New York City 
RT @jswatz: Promising Ebola vaccine moldered on the shelf, in part because poor countries don't provide ROI. Amazing @denisegrady 
The New Old Age Blog: When Death Approaches Again 
Without Lucrative Market, Potential Ebola Vaccine Was Shelved for Years 
Well: Living With Schizophrenia: Coffee and Friends 
Well: Milk Choice May Affect Vitamin D Levels 
Well: Giving the Doctor a Second Chance 
RT @tminsberg: Listening to music makes hard workouts feel a bit easier (thanks, Coach Beyoncé) 
RT @jswatz: "Hey, Z, you still saving the world?" America's quietly heroic malaria fighter. Great profile by Donald McNeil 
RT @carlzimmer: Move over Mel Brooks: meet the 45,000-year-old man. Here’s my new @nytimes column on the oldest modern human genome 
RT @HirokoTabuchi: Takata Air Bag Recalls: List of Affected Vehicles 
RT @cslnyt: More dentists today realize kids w/ autism CAN become cooperative patients. But many still don't treat them. 
Vegetarians know there is more to Thanksgiving dinner than tofurky. Do you have a special recipe? Submit here. 
U.S. to Monitor Travelers From Ebola-Hit Nations for 21 Days 
RT @nytimesscience: The Science Times podcast is on @Stitcher! Listen now or listen later: 
Well: Share Your Best Vegetarian Thanksgiving Recipes and Stories 
Well: Stressed? This Dog May Help 
RT @SeniorsLaw: Is It Really Dementia?  by @paula_span @TheNewOldAge
The Health Issue: What if Age Is Nothing but a Mind-Set? 
Testing for Ebola Vaccines to Start Soon, W.H.O. Says 
Well: How Music Can Boost a High-Intensity Workout 
Ebola Prompts Universities to Tighten Travel Rules 
Ebola Outbreak Erodes Recent Advances in West Africa 
Procedure on Paralyzed Man Stirs Hope and Caution 
Demand Jumps for Protective Equipment as Ebola Cases Spur Hospitals Into Action 
Well: Dangerous Dietary Supplements Return to Store Shelves 
The New Old Age Blog: Is It Really Dementia? 
RT @UpshotNYT: Almost 90% of Americans aren't aware that it's time to sign up for Obamacare healthcare plans. 
Well: It’s Time to Try Nutty, Sour Trahana 
Drinking your morning coffee — even decaffeinated coffee — may protect your liver.  
On the Road: For Travel Pros, Ebola Fears Create Teaching Moments 
Well: Genetic Variant May Shield Latinas From Breast Cancer 
RT @vikasbajaj: Terrific account by @helenecooper on returning to Liberia and finding resilience amid horror 
C.D.C. Issues New Guidelines for Ebola Care 
The Working Life: Baby on Way, Worker Gets Her Job Back  
On Ebola Response, Congressional Republicans Put New Focus on Visa Suspensions  
Ethicist Calls CPR Too Risky in Ebola  
RT @nytvideo: Teaching autistic kids how to behave at the dentist's office, ten seconds at a time   
Well: Robotic Surgery Report Card 
Finishing a basic teeth cleaning can be a colossal challenge for parents of children with autism. 
Well: A Weight Loss Belief Is Tested 
Well: Coffee May Protect the Liver 
Well: Stemming a Stream of Pain for Children with Sickle Cell Disease 
Global Health: Steroids Are No Boon to World’s Poorer Women 
Reactions: Patient Records, O.C.D. Burdens, Teenagers Interrogated 
Profiles in Science: The Malaria Fighter  
One of the most quietly effective leaders in public health — the malaria fighter. 
RT @HannaIngber: Charitable giving to address Ebola is almost nonexistent, writes @ssstrom 
Well: For Children With Autism, Opening a Door to Dental Care 
RT @motokorich: Donations for Ebola Relief Efforts Are Slow to Take Off  @ssstrom
RT @sangerkatz: Good @aaronecarroll piece on weirdest part of Duncan Ebola story: why he was given an antibiotic. 
Books: A Frightening Diagnosis Is Only Start of the Story in ‘Not Fade Away’ and ‘Now I See You’ 
RT @lpolgreen: So far the only people who have caught Ebola outside of W Africa are health workers. Even household contacts didn't. 
Donations for Ebola Relief Efforts Are Slow to Take Off 
W.H.O. Declares Nigeria Free of Ebola 
RT @MonkovicNYT: The first Ebola patient in the U.S. was sent home on antibiotics, an example of  a larger problem in prescribing them http…
The New Health Care: On an Antibiotic? You May Be Getting Only a False Sense of Security 
The plot has thickened with smell. 
RT @bstrauch: The Hot Zone author talks about the current Ebola outbreak and what he got wrong. 
Well: Hard Lesson in Sleep for Teenagers 
RT @jimdao: Ebola is just the latest disaster to strike Liberia. A powerful, evocative piece by Monrovia-born @helenecooper  
RT @picardonhealth: Why did the Dallas #Ebola patient get antibiotics? by @aaronecarroll  via @nytimes @sangerkatz
The 21-day monitoring period is over for nearly all the roughly 50 people being monitored for Ebola in Dallas.  
Just like people in the U.S., everyone in Monrovia was talking about Duncan, writes @helenecooper 
Parents pulled children out of a school after the principal went to Zambia, an African nation untouched by Ebola. 
"When Eunice and I took a picture together .. we made sure not to touch." The personal side of Ebola in Liberia. 
White House has temporarily cut funding for experiments that study infectious agents by making them more dangerous. 
Mr. Duncan’s fiancée and others declared Ebola-free in Dallas. 
Making sense of the #EbolaHysteria 
"There is a strength here that I had never before realized," writes @helenecooper of returning home to Liberia.  
RT @mannyNYT: Dozens Declared Free of Ebola Risk in Texas 
Fear of Ebola Closes Schools and Shapes Politics 
Reporter's Notebook: In Homeland, Liberia Native Finds Resilience Amid Horror  
A Word With: Richard Preston: Updating a Chronicle of Suffering: Author of ‘The Hot Zone’ Tracks Ebola’s Evolution 
Dozens in Ohio Monitored for Possible Exposure to Nurse With Ebola 
At Service for Dallas Ebola Victim, Relatives Recall a Gentle, Generous Man 
Opinionator RT @nytimes: NYT's Sheri Fink is chronicling the Ebola outbreak from a clinic in Liberia. Questions for her? Include #AskNYT 
White House to Cut Funding for Risky Biological Study 
Fitbit Says It Will Make Changes to Address Complaints About Allergic Reactions  
Unable to Meet the Deductible or the Doctor 
Health Scare in Texas Also Sends Political Ripples 
Experts Oppose Ebola Travel Ban, Saying It Would Cut Off Worst-Hit Countries 
Amid Assurances on Ebola, Obama Is Said to Seethe 
In Europe, Fear of Ebola Far Outweighs the True Risks 
Waste From Ebola Poses Challenge to Hospitals 
Well: Ask Well: Do Mosquitoes Spread Ebola? 
Well: Ask Well: Do Mosquitos Spread Ebola? 
RT @mannyNYT: Staff in Texas Ebola Case Is Asked to Avoid Public Spaces 
You may be younger than someone with less years. 
Well: Mistakes in Treating Childhood Fractures 
WHO says Senegal is Ebola-free. 
RT @paula_span: "Being Mortal," new book from @Atul_Gawande: wise, important, beautifully written, a bit late to the party. 
A child’s backpack should not exceed what percent of body weight? Take this week’s quiz by @camaldarelli 
The New Old Age Blog: A Doctor Discovers Dying 
Health Worker Who May Have Had Contact With Ebola Is on Cruise Ship 
When nurses were encouraged to monitor doctors’ practices at first there was tension, then useful changes.  
RT @CDCgov: Get the facts about #Ebola. Here’s what you need to know about when a person can spread the disease to others. 
RT @CDCgov: #Ebola is not spread through casual contact, air, water or any food grown or legally purchased in US. 
CDC asking passengers on Frontier Dallas to Cleveland flight on Oct. 10 and Cleveland to Dallas flight on Oct. 13 to call 1 800-CDC INFO
President Obama reorganizing schedule to focus on Ebola. 
Meet the Ebola czar, Ron Klain, a former chief of staff for Vice Presidents Gore and  Biden.  
Ron Klain, Chief of Staff to 2 Vice Presidents, Is Named Ebola ‘Czar’ 
RT @carlzimmer: The U.N.’s Ebola outbreak trust fund is full of promises, and almost no cash. 
RT @palafo: Ron Klain, Chief of Staff to 2 Vice Presidents, Is Named Ebola ‘Czar’, via @nytimes 
RT @DavidFurstNYT: Blessing Gea, 9, being carried into the high-risk ward. Days later she recovered from Ebola.  http…
RT @meslackman: "I’ve been covering Ebola for nearly two months.  I’ve watched the virus spread, and it has been a devastating sight."http:…
In Cities With West African Populations, Hospitals Take Extra Steps 
White House Takes Drop-Everything Approach to Respond to Public Health Crisis 
In Layers of Gear, U.S. Doctor Offers Healing Hand to Ebola Patients in Liberia 
Controls Poor in Dallas, Nurse Says 
Out on the Front Lines, Risks and Duty Collide 
Obama May Name ‘Czar’ to Oversee Ebola Response 
Op-Ed Contributor: Don’t Depend on Those Frozen Eggs 
RT @nycscribe: In the Ebola frenzy, don't forget West Africa. If you watch this video, you won't be able to forget. 
RT @nytpolitics: Frieden: Travel Ban Won’t Contain Ebola Outbreak 
RT @cslnyt: Leukemia Patients in Extended Remission after T-cell Therapy @nytDeniseGrady  
Well: When Doctors and Nurses Work Together 
RT @bcsolomon: My latest story &amp; short documentary for @nytimes: The brave and lonely men of the #Ebola ambulance teams in #Liberia 
Other ways to help in efforts to stem Ebola’s tide: 
UN is asking for donations towards the Ebola fund, which is running dry.  
RT @rickgladstone: U.N.'s New Ebola Trust Fund Running Out of Money 
Motherlode Blog: Want to Ace That Test? Get the Right Kind of Sleep. 
RT @meslackman: Watch this, watch it right now. Ben Solomon is doing absolutely heroic journalism in Monrovia.  
Reminder: Experts say they would not expect to be infected by sitting near person with Ebola – unless that person vomited/bled on them.
As Ebola Fears Spread, Ohio and Texas Close Some Schools 
Reminder: Ebola spreads through direct contact with the body fluids of someone showing symptoms. 
RT @celiadugger: Odds of getting Ebola on a flight? Not high, even if asymptomatic person with Ebola aboard. 
RT @ReedAbelson: C.D.C. Director Becomes Face of Nation’s Worry and Flawed Response   Profile by @stavernise Like a t…
RT @mannyNYT: As Ebola Fears Spread, Ohio and Texas Close Some Schools 
Answers to your Ebola questions about how many people are being treated and how the virus spreads. 
RT @celiadugger: Video by @bcsolomon captures the bravery &amp; sacrifice of worker in Monrovia who collects the Ebola dead. 
Because of Ebola, Ambulance Work in Liberia Is a Busy and Lonely Business 
Public Health: The Partisan Divide on Ebola Preparedness 
Lax U.S. Guidelines on Ebola Led to Poor Hospital Training, Experts Say 
Downfall for Hospital Where Virus Spread  
Planned Parenthood Is Expanding to Queens 
Texas Abortion Clinics to Reopen Despite a Future in Legal Limbo 
U.S. Says Consumers Must Renew Health Insurance Policies 
The U.S. failed to prepare its troops &amp; medical corps for the aged chemical weapons it found in Iraq. 
F.D.A. Approves First 2 Drugs for Treatment of a Fatal Lung Disease  
C.D.C. Director Becomes Face of Nation’s Worry and Flawed Response  
Op-Ed Contributor: Resurrecting Smallpox? Easier Than You Think 
Leukemia Patients in Extended Remission After Experimental Cell Therapy 
Ebola’s Other Contagious Threat: Hysteria 
The 48 people whom officials have been monitoring have passed a critical point and are unlikely to contract Ebola.  
When Women Become Men at Wellesley 
RT @BK4theINYT: WH's Earnest says Obama retains confidence in CDC despite failure to prevent infections in Dallas, or to block infected nur…
Well: Ask Well: Can Pets Get Ebola? 
We answered readers’ question: Can pets get Ebola? 
RT @ksacknyt: CDC's Frieden says those with possible exposure to Ebola should not have been traveling, and that it will be prevented in the…
Obama Cancels Campaign Trip to Meet With Cabinet on Ebola 
RT @ksacknyt: CDC's Frieden: Regrets not sending infection control team to hospital after first Ebola diagnosis. Sez might have prevented n…
RT @ksacknyt: HHS Secretary Burwell says one of two Ebola patients in Dallas will be transferred to Emory Hospital in Atlanta.
Cleaning mustard gas blisters is  “like a having a wire dog brush being rubbed across your leg.” Secret casualties: 
Take a break from bad news with healthy comfort food: lentil pie (Photo by Andrew Scrivani)  
RT @liamstack: Nurse's union president: "Were the protocols breached? The nurses say there were no protocols.” 
That ad hoc response to Ebola has underscored holes in the West’s readiness to confront a wider outbreak. 
Video: Three Hopes for an Ebola Treatment 
Ebola-Infected Health Worker Took Flight From Cleveland to Dallas 
At least 17 Ebola cases have been treated outside of West Africa in the current outbreak. 
How Hospital Workers Are Supposed to Treat Ebola Safely 
The woman showed no symptoms of illness on flight, says CDC. An individual with Ebola is thought to become contagious when symptomatic.
The second healthcare worker reported to the hospital with Ebola was on this flight, CDC says.
CDC is reaching out to passengers who flew on Frontier Airlines flight 1143 Cleveland to Dallas/Fort Worth Oct. 13.
The new patient has renewed questions about the hospital’s infection-control procedures and the C.D.C.'s oversight of the Ebola response.
A second case of Ebola among the nearly 100 doctors, nurses and assistants who helped treat Mr. Duncan for 10 days was not unexpected.
A second worker at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas has tested positive for Ebola. 
You already know your chronological age, but do you know your fitness age?  
Ebola Test Is Positive in Second Texas Health Worker 
Well: What’s Your Fitness Age? 
C.D.C. Says It Should Have Responded Faster to the Dallas Ebola Case 
Ebola Fight in Africa Is Hurt by Limits on Ways to Get Out 
Your Money Adviser: Back to  to Shop for Plans in Open-Enrollment Period for 2015 
Study Backs Use of Stem Cells in Retinas  
Bellevue Hospital to Be a Focus if Ebola Hits New York 
RT @HannaIngber: WHO warns that the number of new cases of Ebola could reach 10,000 a week by December 
Breast Cancer Stories 
E.U. Urges States to Coordinate Efforts to Cut Risk of Importing Ebola 
W.H.O. Forecast for Ebola Worsens as Mortality Rate Rises 
Ebola Patient Dies in German Hospital 
Mark Zuckerberg and his wife are  donating $25 million to the @CDCFound to help fight Ebola 
Matter:  Rats and Their Alarming Bugs 
Scientists Rein In Fears of a Virus Whose Mysteries Tend to Invite Speculation 
Well: Vulnerability to Fructose Varies, Health Study Finds 
Questions Rise on Preparations at Hospitals to Deal With Ebola 
Debate Over Ebola Turns to Specific Policy Requests 
Ebola Puts Nina Pham, a Nurse Unaccustomed to the Spotlight, in Its Glare 
Smell Turns Up in Unexpected Places  
On View: 'Haunted Files: The Eugenics Record Office' Recreates a Dark Time in a Laboratory's Past 
A Bank Chief Makes Ebola His Mission 
Well: Epidurals May Be Given Early or Late in Labor 
Well: Prostate Cancer Recurrence Risk Tied to Lipid Levels 
Global Health: Polio on the Rise Again in Pakistan, Officials Say 
Well: Ask Well: Ebola on Airplanes, Ebola in Sneezes 
Well: With Electronic Medical Records, Doctors Read When They Should Talk 
Health Care: Death Has Its Benefits, Giraffes Among Us, Not Hiding Hair Loss 
On the Road: For Travelers, Ebola Represents a Small Blip on the Radar 
Well: In Interrogations, Teenagers Are Too Young to Know Better 
Q&amp;a: Heavy Backpacks on Little Backs 
Well: O.C.D, a Disorder That Cannot Be Ignored 
New Questions of Risk and Vigilance After Dallas Nurse Contracts Ebola 
The New Health Care: Placebos Help. Just Ask This Health Economist. 
Well: Lentils in Salads, Pilafs and Pies 
W.H.O. Chief Calls Ebola Outbreak a ‘Crisis for International Peace’ 
The New Old Age Blog: Treating C.O.P.D. in the Elderly 
Study Details the Risk to Infants Put on Sofas to Sleep 
Bronx Hospital Is Set to Reopen Its Birthing Center After a Renovation 
Teenagers who eat dinner with the family two or three times a week may reduce their risk for obesity. 
U.S. Finds Many Failures in Medicare Health Plans 
For Infected Nurse’s Neighbors, Ebola Brings Worry to Doorstep  
C.D.C. Will Offer More Ebola Training to Health Care Workers 
Babies who are allowed to linger in the womb are often healthier and do better in school 
Researchers Replicate Alzheimer’s Brain Cells in a Petri Dish 
The NYT would like to hear from veterans about their deployment and the return to civilian life 
Exercise helps kids focus, new research shows. 
Can a pet's fur transmit the flu? 
How school lunch became the latest political battleground  (Photo: Sarah Anne Ward for NYT) 
Here's your weekend brunch inspiration  (Photo: @AndrewScrivani for NYT) 
Texas Health Worker Tests Positive for Ebola 
Should you avoid contact with a dog that was petted by someone with the flu? 
Is E-Reading to Your Toddler Story Time, or Simply Screen Time? 
Reporter's Notebook: In Travel Out of Liberia, Nothing Is Simply Routine 
Ebola Victim’s Family Blames Hospital and State 
The gluten-free diet market expected to reach $15 billion in annual sales by 2016. 
Teenagers who eat meals with family may reduce their risk for obesity in young adulthood 
A Promising Pill, Not So Hard to Swallow 
Is the U.S. prepared for an Ebola outbreak? 
Brain science shows that to retain more information when studying, it may be a good idea to what? Take the quiz. 
A new book says most students probably don't need to study more. They need a smarter approach to studying 
More evidence of the importance of getting your kids away from that computer and playing outside. 
Remember Ebola-like symptoms are fairly common and not the same as having Ebola.
More than 4,000 people have died from the Ebola outbreak in West Africa. 
Many patients with Ebola are dying slowly at home, untreated and with no place to go in Sierra Leone. 
Opinion: Can Celiac Disease Affect the Brain?  
59 healthy, vegetarian brunch recipes  (Photo: @AndrewScrivani for NYT) 
The NYT would like to hear from veterans about their deployment and the return to civilian life 
Three avenues that have potential for an Ebola treatment 
Global Response to Ebola Highlights Challenges in Delivering Aid 
Harvoni, a Hepatitis C Drug From Gilead, Wins F.D.A. Approval 
Doctors Without Borders Evolves as It Forms the Vanguard in Ebola Fight  
Officials Admit a ‘Defeat’ by Ebola in Sierra Leone 
Public Health: The Unhealthy Politics of Ebola 
For Dallas Official, the Best Way to Fight Ebola Fears Is in Person 
Dallas Ebola Patient Was Initially Sent Home Despite High Fever, Records Show 
Extendicare Agrees to Pay $38 Million Over Inadequate Nursing Home Care 
Here are some ideas for a healthy, quick dinner  (Photo: @AndrewScrivani for NYT) 
The Nebraska Biocontainment Patient Care Unit is at the forefront of the nation's response to Ebola 
What percentage of active physicians in the United States are men? Take the weekly health quiz. 
A heart-rending test in an Ebola clinic: A baby  (Photo: Daniel Berehulak for NYT) 
The New Old Age Blog: As Diseases are Managed, Lifespans Keep Getting Longer 
The NYT would like to hear from veterans about their deployment and the return to civilian life 
This symptom may distinguish a wheat allergy from the far more common gluten sensitivity.  Take the weekly quiz: 
Heart-Rending Test in Virus Zone: A Newborn 
Britain to Screen for Ebola Amid Possible New Cases in Europe  
West Africans Make Plea for Long List of Ebola Needs 
Dallas Sheriff’s Official Tests Negative for Ebola  
Well: Living with Cancer: Hiding Under a Wig? 
True or false? Petting a dog is a common way to transmit the flu virus. Take the weekly quiz: 
Exceptional responders are people who defy all expectations by responding dramatically to well to drugs. 
The New Health Care: Medicaid, Often Criticized, Is Quite Popular With Its Customers 
Well: Numbers in the Cancer Fight 
World Briefing: Lawsuit Against U.N. on the Spread of Cholera Epidemic in Haiti Advances 
Easier Time in Health Marketplace Is Promised 
European Leaders Scramble to Upgrade Response to Ebola Crisis 
Newly Vigilant, U.S. Will Screen Fliers for Ebola  
Amid Concern About Virus in U.S., New York Hospital Says It’s Ready for the Worst 
In Genes of ‘Exceptional Responders,’ Clues to Fighting Disease 
Spanish Nurse Probably Got Ebola From Touching Her Face 
Spain kills Excalibur, dog of Ebola-infected nurse, as questions linger about whether dogs can transmit the disease. 
RT @DavidFurstNYT: Health workers prayed before the start of their shift. Images from an Ebola ward by @berehulak  ht…
RT @ksacknyt: Airports to start Ebola screening: JFK, Dulles, Hartsfield-Jackson, O'Hare, Newark. Catches 94% of West African travelers.
Do you still have questions about Ebola or outbreaks of contagious diseases in general? Are there angles you don’t feel have been addressed?
More evidence that exercise is really important for kids’ brains.  
Protests as Spain Plans to Kill Ebola-Infected Nurse’s Dog 
RT @Jeffdelviscio: The fate of #Excalibur is unclear, as is the science around human-dog Ebola transmission 
The New Old Age Blog: In Nursing Homes, Eyes That Never Turn Away 
RT @jimdao: US will start taking temp of travelers from W. Africa at JFK, Dulles, O'Hare, Hartfield and Newark #ebola  
CDC says doctors and nurses provided "excellent and compassionate care, but Ebola is a disease that attacks the body in many ways."
RT @ksacknyt: Hospital: "It is with profound sadness and heartfelt disappointment that we must inform you of the death of  (Duncan) at 7:51…
RT @katie_thomas: Fascinating Q&amp;A with @bstrauch, the NYT Science editor, about why she argued a story about enterovirus off A1: 
Here is the story of Thomas Eric Duncan’s journey from Liberian war to the epicenter of a global Ebola frenzy. 
Officials are still monitoring 48 people in the Dallas area for Ebola, most of whom have not been quarantined but are instead staying home.
Mr. Duncan spent nearly two decades separated from the woman he had traveled to Dallas to be with. They were rekindling their relationship.
Mr. Duncan was treated with an experimental antiviral drug, brincidofovir, after the FDA approved its use on an emergency basis.
Mr. Duncan died of Ebola more than a week after the virus was detected in him.
The New Health Care: Men Dominate List of Doctors Receiving Largest Payments From Drug Companies 
First Ebola Patient to Be Discovered in U.S. Dies 
RT @jimdao: Our story on Thomas Duncan's death from #Ebola #dallas  
RT @lpolgreen: Duncan became infected with Ebola after helping a sick neighbor get to the hospital. The tragic story here: 
RT @rcallimachi: Sad news : Thomas Duncan, 1st man to come down with Ebola symptoms in US, has died.
The rhythms of a single day at a Liberian Ebola clinic by @sherifink 
Well: Family Meals May Mean a Healthier Weight 
The Ebola Ward: Life, Death and Grim Routine Fill the Day at a Liberian Ebola Clinic 
Well: How Exercise Can Boost Young Brains 
Experimental Ebola Drug Puts Its Maker, Chimerix, Back in the Spotlight  
Health Officials Promise Extra Airport Screening for Ebola 
The Ebola Ward: Life, Death and Careful Routine Fill the Day at a Liberian Clinic 
Easing the Law for New Yorkers Shifting Gender 
Berkeley Officials Outspent but Optimistic in Battle Over Soda Tax 
Minimum Wage and Overtime Protections Are Delayed for Home-Care Workers 
30,000 Lose Health Care Coverage at Walmart 
Officials Question the Rising Costs of Generic Drugs 
Health Law Drug Plans Are Given a Check-Up 
As Anxiety Increases, Agency Scrambles to Address Concerns of Health Workers  
How the school lunch room became a battleground by @nickconfessore 
The Liberian man battling the Ebola virus is on a ventilator and receiving kidney dialysis. 
The New Health Care:  Still Suffers From Lack of Transparency 
RT @jimdao: What you need to know about enterovirus, which may have striken more people than we realize.  
RT @judith_graham: Responding to sharp criticism, Medicare announces changes to its 5 star nursing home rating system.  
Share your experience as a combat soldier 
Spain Seeks to Prevent Spread of Ebola After a Nurse Is Infected 
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Today @MayBrittMoser &amp; Edvard Moser awarded #nobelprize2014 in medicine. @jimgorman profiled them 
U.S. Revises Nursing Home Rating System 
After Death of New Jersey Boy From Enterovirus 68, Worry Grows Among Parents 
Well: How to Make Pickles Without Canning 
Op-Ed Contributor: How the Big Tobacco Deal Went Bad 
Q&amp;A: Can a Pet’s Fur Transmit the Flu? 
Reactions: Healthy Probabilities, a Challenging Condition, Benefits From Sandy 
Books: ‘Being Mortal’ Explores the Benefits of Setting Goals for Death 
Global Health: Giving Doctors Guidance on Drugs to Prevent H.I.V. 
The Doctor's World: There Before Ebola Had a Name 
RT @sangerkatz: Context for changes to 5-star nursing home rating system: @katie_thomas's great story on the old system's failings. 
The New Old Age Blog: Extra Scrutiny for Hospices 
Well: Better Ways to Learn 
RT @ksacknyt: Texas health commissioner Lakey says still no signs of infection among those being monitored for Ebola in Dallas.
“We’re weeding out the stoners.” The rebranding of pot. 
An editorial arguing that pedophilia is a disorder, not a crime. 
Spain Reports First Case of Ebola Contracted Outside West Africa 
A Spanish nurse has become the first person to be infected with Ebola outside of West Africa. 
RT @cslnyt: "I'm grateful to this article for humanizing Mr. Duncan" who is not a "faceless disease vector"  #ebola @…
Pickled Peaches With Sweet Spices by @MarthaRShulman  (Photo by Andrew Scrivani )  
RT @bcsolomon: The #ebola spray teams in #monrovia clean houses after the #ebola dead. Tireless, brave and essential. 
Well: When Gluten Sensitivity Isn’t Celiac Disease 
Well: Drugs Cause Most Fatal Allergic Reactions, Study Finds 
Ebola Patient in Dallas Still in Critical Condition, C.D.C. Chief Says 
Catching up on Ebola news? A Flipboard collection of New York Times stories. 
The New Health Care: Health Plan Cancellations Are Coming, but for Relatively Few 
The New Health Care: The Placebo Effect Doesn’t Apply Just to Pills 
RT @nytimesscience: Maybe you've never seen a #nobelprize2014 celebration spin. @MayBrittMoser does one here  
RT @jimdao: For Thomas Duncan, trip to Dallas was supposed to be a new beginning after years of refugee life in W. Africa #ebola 
RT @NobelPrize: “I’m over the moon actually.” John O’Keefe on being awarded the #nobelprize2014 #Medicine https://soundcloud.com/nobelprize/im-over-the-moon-actually-john-okeefe-on-being-awarded-the-nobel-prize
RT @damiencave: Reposting this @helenecooper story out of Liberia bc it’s just that beautiful, sad and good 
How to Help in Efforts to Stem Ebola’s Tide 
RT @bstrauch: How the Ebola patient ended up fighting for his life in Dallas. A sad tale by @ksacknyt. 
A profile of the Nobel in Medicine winners from last year. Their discovery was  both practical and profound. 
Meet the three people who won a Nobel for Medicine for discovering an inner GPS, in the brain.  
A British-American scientist and a pair of Norwegian researchers were awarded this year’s Nobel Prize in Medicine. 
Nobel Prize in Medicine is Awarded for Discovery of Brain’s ‘Inner GPS’ 
Offering Help and Hope as Ebola Epidemic Unfolds 
New York City Steps Up Preparations to Be Ready for Ebola Cases 
Ebola Victim Went From Liberian War to a Fight for Life 
Ebola Help for Sierra Leone Is Nearby, but Delayed on the Docks 
A mystery involving a droopy face is ultimately connected to Lyme disease. 
Ebola Patient in Dallas ‘Fighting for His Life,’ C.D.C. Director Says 
Morris Collen, Computerized-Medicine Pioneer, Dies at 100 
Canadian District Goes to School on Concussions 
100 Possible Ebola Cases Reported in U.S., but All Save 1 Are Ruled Out 
Ebola’s Cultural Casualty: Hugs in Hands-On Liberia 
Opinion: Of Medicine and Mushrooms 
Feeling down? Go exercise. Now. 
Playing catch-up on Ebola? Here are some key stories: 
No you can’t get Ebola from touching the pole in a bus and answers to other reader questions.  
Europe: Italy: Child Thought to Be Rid of H.I.V. Suffers a Relapse 
Texas Women Forced to Reassess After New Ruling on Abortions 
Your Money: Beware of Shifting Options Within Medicare Plans 
College Players Often Don’t Tell Of Hits to Head, Studies Find  
For Journalists, a Stark Reminder of the Risk in Covering a Deadly Epidemic 
Ebola Crisis Brings an Abundance of Caution Into a Dallas Community  
Your New York Times Ebola weekend reading in one helpful flipboard magazine. 
How does this Ebola outbreak compare to past outbreaks?  
RT @bcsolomon: Painting an informational #Ebola mural in #Monrovia #Liberia. The battle for clear information is a difficult one. 
Health officials have identified 10 people they say are most at risk of contracting Ebola. 
Well: Asking About Ebola: How Does the Virus Spread and How Long Can It Survive? 
RT @bstrauch: To fight Ebola, give blood of those who have been infected and recovered--an old idea but will it work for Ebola?
RT @NIAIDNews: Fauci: We are aggressively working to develop and test a vaccine to prevent   #Ebola infection and therapeutics to treat it.
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Mirror, Mirror Solved! 
This Ebola victim was declared dead. His family held a wake. Then he recovered and began helping. Photo @jeromedelay 
The blood of Ebola survivors may be the solution. Of course, it comes with its own complications. 
Use of Ebola Survivors’ Blood as Possible Treatment Gains Support 
Well: Enterovirus 68 and Paralysis Link Remains Uncertain 
RT @lpolgreen: Your daily reminder from the New York Times: It Is Very Very Hard To Get Ebola. 
RT @paula_span: Some good news about pneumonia in seniors: improved vaccine, better hospital care. 
Another reason to fit in some exercise this weekend: it protects against depression. 
Cantaloupe-Lime Agua Fresca With Chia Seeds. Sweet, yet tart. (Photo by Andrew Scrivani.)   
A guide to how you can help stem Ebola’s tide with dollars, time and skills. 
What ‘direct contact’ means when it comes to Ebola. 
Well: The Workout: A Star Chef Finds Inspiration 
RT @abbygoodnough: My story on fear of Ebola -- and even more, stigma -- in West African immigrant communities around the U.S.: 
RT @bstrauch: NBC cameraman gets Ebola in Liberia. Whole team under watch.
Antibiotics in Livestock: F.D.A. Finds Use Is Rising 
Mideast Virus MERS Merits Caution, Not Alarm, W.H.O. Says 
Ebola Strikes NBC News Cameraman in Liberia 
Understanding the Risks of Ebola, and What ‘Direct Contact’ Means 
Ebola Patient’s Journey Shows How Global Travel Is Open to the Spread of Disease 
Countering Fear of Ebola With Education Where West Africans Live in U.S. 
U.S. Effort to Help Liberia Finds Much Work to Do Before It Gets Started 
Well: Failing Sense of Smell May Predict Sooner Death 
RT @celiadugger: Contract tracers -- sleuths of Ebola in Dallas -- are the "unsung heroes" of epidemic control. 
How to Help in Efforts to Stem Ebola’s Tide 
A look at contact tracers, the disease sleuths that the CDC hopes can prevent Ebola’s spread in the U.S. 
RT @celiadugger: Informative Q &amp; A with expert on Enterovirus 68  via @nytimeswell
Op-Ed Contributor: Young, Brilliant and Underfunded 
Appeals Court Ruling Closes 13 Abortion Clinics in Texas 
Dallas parents &amp; students  wrestled with their fears after learning that 5 kids had had contact with Ebola patient 
Well: Enterovirus 68: What You Need to Know 
Q&amp;A: What are the chances Ebola will spread in the U.S.? 
RT @sangerkatz: There are a bunch of things we don't know about how the ACA markeplaces are working out. HHS doesn't know either. 
RT @judith_graham: Older adults w/ a compromised sense of #smell are likely to die sooner than those who can easily detect odors.  
Tracing Ebola Contacts Can Stop Virus ‘in Its Tracks,’ Experts Say 
RT @heathertal: “Every health department has an unsung hero who tracks down people.” On the usually invisible role of contact tracer: http:…
Dallas Ebola victim had helped bring an ill pregnant woman in Liberia to the hospital 
Federal officials are planning to sharply increase production of ZMapp, an experimental drug for treating Ebola 
A hospital from hell, in a city swamped by Ebola (Photo: Samuel Aranda for NYT)  
In Dallas Schools, Fear of Possible Ebola Exposure 
Dallas parents &amp; students wrestled with their fears after learning that 5 kids had had contact with Ebola patient 
Still have questions about Ebola? Submit them here: 
The U.N. says it lost its first staff member from a “probable” case of Ebola in Liberia 
Q&amp;A: What are the chances Ebola will spread in the U.S.? 
“Isolating a country will make it harder to get help into country” ultimately enabling it to spread more there, responds CDC on Ebola.
You don’t need a special Ebola room in a hospital to take care of Ebola just meticulous training and materials, says CDC.
@nytDeniseGrady asks about public transportation risk. Sitting next to person on bus does not cause you to be exposed to Ebola, CDC says.
No Ebola cannot be transferred by mosquito, CDC says.
“We can’t make the risk zero until the outbreak is controlled in West Africa.” From CDC press conference.
The reason the hospital turned the Ebola patient away was that connections were not made regarding travel history and symptoms, CDC says.
A dozen or so individuals have been quarantined in an apartment for monitoring, but they do not have any Ebola symptoms, CDC says.
Texas Says That Up to 100 Are at Risk of Ebola Exposure 
In press conference, CDC reinstates that health officials are assessing 100 people who may have come into contact with Ebola patient.
Ebola patient was screened by the CDC when he arrived in the U.S. and his temperature was not elevated at the time of transit, CDC says.
Four deaths are linked to a Enterovirus respiratory illness 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Mirror, Mirror 
Well: Ask Well: Do You Have a Question About Ebola? 
The New Old Age Blog: Some Good News on Pneumonia 
How well can you smell? One’s sense of smell appears to be a good predictor of longevity. 
U.S. Military Hospitals Are Ordered to Improve Care, Access and Safety 
Ebola Suspected in U.N. Staffer’s Death 
Man in U.S. With Ebola Had Been Screened to Fly, but System is Spotty 
U.S. to Increase Production of the Ebola Drug ZMapp, but May Not Meet Demand 
Four Deaths Are Linked to a Respiratory Illness 
Dallas Ebola victim had helped bring an ill pregnant woman in Liberia to the hospital 
Study finds that teen pregnancy and abortion rates plummet with long-acting female contraception 
Health officials believe Dallas Ebola victim came into contact with 12 to 18 people when he was experiencing symptoms 
Retracing the steps of the Dallas Ebola patient 
RT @PamBelluck: A dramatic drop in teen pregnancy and abortion rates with long-acting birth control methods - but practical... 
Pregnancy and abortion rates plunged in study offering sexually active teenagers free birth control 
Teenage Pregnancy and Abortion Rates Plummet With Long-Acting Female Contraception, Study Says 
RT @bstrauch: What you need to know about Ebola, including what happened in Texas.
Liberian Officials Identify Ebola Victim in Texas as Thomas Eric Duncan 
Ebola Overwhelming West Africa Communities 
After Ebola Case in Dallas, Health Officials Seek Those Who Had Contact With Patient 
RT @nycscribe: One of the most disturbing pieces yet on Ebola. So much time has passed, still so fatally unprepared. 
Well: Sense of Smell May Predict Longevity 
Well: Hospital Infections With C. Difficile Level Off 
The timeline of the man with Ebola’s arrival to United States.  
Before you panic about Ebola, here is the info you need: 
Well: Smoothies, Hold the Dairy 
Well: How Exercise May Protect Against Depression 
Limb Frailty in Children Is Studied for Link to Virus 
RT @CDCgov: CDC doesn't recommend people on same commercial airline flights w/US #Ebola patient undergo monitoring. 
RT @DrFriedenCDC: Local public health officials in TX have begun identifying close contacts of #Ebola patient for further monitoring. http:…
New Federal Database Details Medical World’s Financial Links to Drug Makers 
Airline Passenger With Ebola Is Under Treatment in Dallas 
Press conferenced over. For Ebola background — try this primer  and this story collection. 
Zero risk of transmission on the flight, CDC says.
Ebola patient was visiting and staying with family members in the United States, CDC tells @nytDeniseGrady
Flight in question departed Liberia on 19th and arrived in U.S. on 20th, but even patients on that flight should not be worried, CDC says.
The individual was here to visit family that live in the United States. CDC would not say if person is American.
But I also have no doubt that while this goes on in Africa, we’ll need to be on our guard, doctor adds.
“I have no doubt we’ll stop this in its tracks in the U.S,” doctor says at C.D.C. Ebola press conference.
RT @carlzimmer: The CDC will find everyone who came into contact with Ebola patient after he became infectious &amp; monitor for 3 weeks—@DrFri…
100 percent of individuals getting on planes are screened for fever from countries in Africa known to have Ebola cases, CDC says.
Patient in Texas got sick 4 days after getting off plane. CDC says not concerned that others on plane would have contracted Ebola.
RT @sangerkatz: Diseases much more contagious than Ebola: measles, pertussis. h/t @roseperson
Ebola only spreads by direct contact, CDC emphasizes yet again.
Ebola is not an airborne illness, a doctor clarifies in CDC press conference.
“We have no other suspected cases in the state of Texas at this time.” From CDC press conference.
The Texas public health lab has a specially trained team.
CDC officials says confident that it will stop spread of Ebola in United States.
CDC official: "I have no doubt that we will control this case of Ebola so it does not spread widely in this country."
CDC says it is focused on identifying all people who had contact with Ebola patient while he could have been infectious.
CDC: Patient had no symptoms when departing Liberia or entering the country but began to show symptoms on the 26th.
CDC press conference begins by reminding people that Ebola only spreads through body fluids and direct conference.
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital of Dallas officials said in a statement that an unnamed patient was being tested for Ebola.
RT @martinenserink: Hope people realize US #Ebola case does NOT mean big outbreak. There will be contact tracing, isolation; it will be con…
RT @lpolgreen: "The risk that anyone will contract Ebola in the United States is extremely small.”  
The CDC is hosting a briefing on the first Ebola case in U.S. starting shortly, available here. 
The C.D.C. has confirmed first ebola case diagnosed in the United States.
Remember you are not likely to catch Ebola just by being in proximity to someone who has the virus; it is not airborne, like the flu.
Bow ties with microscopic images. Scarves in trachea print. It’s science chic.  
No it’s not glow-in-the-dark velvet, it’s bacteria.   
Ebola Outbreak in Nigeria Appears to Be Over 
Nigeria’s Ebola success was in part due to the existence of an emergency command center paid for by the Gates Foundation to fight polio.
Nigeria seems to have beaten Ebola. 
Digital Medical Records Become Common, but Sharing Remains Challenging 
Farmers’ markets are proliferating around the country, increasing 76 percent since 2008. 
More Groups Join Project on the Brain 
What does a gluten-free label mean? It must contain less than 20 parts per million of gluten. 
But in workers of lower socioeconomic status, more than 55 hours a week of work translated to 30% increase in risk of Type 2 diabetes.
Working long hours does not increase risk of diabetes in wealthier workers. 
Drug Patents Held Overseas Can Pare Makers’ Tax Bills 
Confused about gluten? It’s a protein in grains like wheat, rye and barley that contains gliadin peptide. 
Global Health: A Dog’s Life in Chad: Filling Up on Fish Guts and on Guinea Worms 
Abdominal pain and bloating are the most common signs of Celiac disease.  
Reactions: Nature in the Balance, Gene Tests, Artificial Sweetners and Diabetes 
The Scan: Science Events: Dancing Particle Physics and Science-Inspired Fashion 
Well: After Surgery, Predicting a Speedy Recovery 
Well: Vets Face Rising Worry Over Fleas 
Celiac disease now affects one in 100 Caucasians. 
Q&amp;a: Rating Pain Relief 
Well: Working Long Hours Tied to Diabetes Risk 
The New Health Care: Auto-Renewing Your Health Plan May Be Bad for You, and for Competition 
The New Health Care: What We’re Learning About Drug Company Payments to Doctors 
Well: Celiac Disease, a Common, but Elusive, Diagnosis 
Just because your last dying wish is to die at home does not mean that it will be granted. 
A breast cancer drug that appears to extend patients lives significantly. 
U.S.D.A. to Start Program to Support Local and Organic Farming  
Costs Can Go Up Fast When E.R. Is in Network but the Doctors Are Not 
Georgia Colleges Prohibiting Tobacco, but Questions About Enforcement Linger  
Dire Warnings by Big Tobacco on E-Smoking 
Liberia’s chief medical officer is placing herself under quarantine for 3 weeks after her assistant died of Ebola. 
“I want to go home, to my books and my music,” he said. But the forces of the health care system were against him. 
Untangling the troubling relationship between anxiety drugs and Alzheimer’s disease. 
People are trying to cope with ebola in Monrovia with few resources. Photo: a makeshift protective suit by @bcsolomon 
Advanced breast cancer patients who received Perjeta had a median survival time nearly 16 months longer than control. 
A drug called Perjeta used to treat advanced breast cancer has had what appears to be unprecedented success. 
Looking for healthy dinner ideas for this week?  Here's a selection from the new cooking site:  
Roche Breast Cancer Drug Appears to Greatly Extend Patients’ Lives 
Weight before cardio. Cardio before weights. It doesn’t matter so long as you do both. 
Gerald Larue, Early Advocate of Right to Die, Dies at 98 
In Liberia and U.S., Precautions for Two Ebola Workers 
What is enterovirus 68? 
An outbreak of respiratory illness infecting 225  children is baffling scientists. 
Caffeine is just one of the many peculiar things in the water. 
If a child has labored breathing that involves wheezing or chest pain, the child requires immediate care.  Could be enterovirus 68.
A baby who has to stop drinking from a bottle to breathe should be seen by a doctor. Could be enterovirus 68.
Symptoms in the current outbreak of enterovirus 68 resemble those of a bad cold, including body aches and cough.
An outbreak of respiratory illness first observed in the Midwest has spread to 38 states. 
A woman’s story of running with large breasts and little support.  
Infants in the single-family neonatal intensive care rooms did better than those in shared rooms. 
A seemingly simple wish — to die at home — has gotten very complicated. 
Ebola Doctor Shortage Eases as Volunteers Begin to Step Forward 
RT @bstrauch: This respiratory illness among children continues to spread and puzzle doctors.
Opinion: Women’s Atypical Heart Attacks  
The Weekly Health Quiz 
What’s more effective cardio and then 30 minutes of weight lifting? Or the reverse? 
RT @bcsolomon: A day after open, the new 100+ bed #Monrovia #Ebola clinic is full. Once again, sick must wait outside @MSF center. 
RT @bcsolomon: A homemade #ebola protection suit. Waiting with his sick mom outside the @MSF treatment center in #monrovia #liberia 
The New Old Age Blog: An End-of-Life Nightmare 
Privacy matters when it comes to a neonatal intensive care unit. 
Well: Ask Well: Weights Before Cardio? 
France Proposes Tough Antismoking Measures 
Outbreak of a Respiratory Illness Escalates Among Children and Mystifies Scientists 
Family Fights Health Care System for Simple Request: To Die at Home 
Well: A Rising Tide of Contaminants 
RT @paula_span: Can taking #benzos for insomnia or anxiety increase risks of #Alzheimers? Study says yes. 
Well: Exercise and the Bounce Factor 
RT @carlzimmer: There aren’t enough beds for Liberians with Ebola, so they’re dying at home &amp; infecting their families. 
RT @nytimeswell: Recipe: Arugula and Beet Salad With Orange, Walnuts and Tarragon (Photo by Andrew Scrivani)  
Well: My Father’s A.L.S. 
Can’t read enough Ebola? Our best stories will continue to be collected here: 
For the initial diagnosis of kidney stones, ultrasounds may be a better choice than CT scans. 
Well: A Doctor, a Rabbi and a Chicken 
Teens trying to lose weight should engage in an exercise program that includes both aerobic and resistance training. 
Athletes show significantly greater erosion of their tooth enamel.  
Health Act Cuts Spending at Hospitals, Report Finds 
White House Issues New Regulations for Dangerous Biological Research 
Bill Clinton laments that in some communities, sugary sodas account for a half of the calories a child consumes. 
Evidence has mounted to indicate that those at risk for developing degenerative brain disease include soccer players. 
Diet without exercise accomplishes little for teens. 
Liberia’s Ebola Victims Dying at Home Amid Shortage of Clinics 
A smaller Pepsi.  
Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and the Dr Pepper have pledged to cut the sugary drink calories Americans consume by one-fifth. 
Something that may not help your anxiety.  
Well: Teenagers and Weight Loss 
Vitamin E and selenium are unlikely to prevent cataracts. 
Vigorous exercise is good for almost all of the body — except perhaps the teeth. 
Well: Ultrasound vs. CT for Kidney Stones 
RT @dacorc: Still most popular NYT story: After Surgery, Surprise $117,000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn’t Know 
Catching up on Ebola? Our must-read stories and not-to-be-missed videos in one place. 
The New Old Age Blog: Study Links Anxiety Drugs to Alzheimer’s Disease 
Well: Is Exercise Bad for Your Teeth? 
To Gather Drug Data, a Health Start-Up Turns to Consumers 
National Briefing Under Affordable Care Act, 25 Percent Increase in Health Insurers Is Predicted 
Soda Makers Coca-Cola, PepsiCo and Dr Pepper Join in Effort to Cut Americans’ Drink Calories 
RT @yoshaylaharris: VIDEO: An odd side-effect of #ClimateChange turned goose eggs into fast food for polar bears:   h…
Well: Vitamin E, Selenium Fail to Prevent Cataracts 
The Biggest Ebola Outbreak on Record. A collection of key stories about how the disease is spreading. 
Most scientific research is done on male lab animals 
The current official case Ebola count is 5,843, including 2,803 deaths, according to the World Health Organization.
In the best-case model the Ebola epidemic in both countries would be “almost ended” by Jan. 20.
Liberia and Sierra Leone could have 21,000 cases of Ebola by next week without effective methods to contain it. 
Ebola Cases Could Reach 1.4 Million in 4 Months, C.D.C. Estimates 
Fennel, Beet and Orange Salad   (Photo by Andrew Scrivani for The New York Times) 
Soccer Star Bellini Is Found to Have Had Brain Trauma 
Ebola Cases Could Reach 1.4 Million in 4 Months, C.D.C. Estimates 
Malaria may thrive and tea harvests may dwindle with climate change. 
Health Agency’s New Assessment of the Epidemic Is More Dire Still  
Health Researchers Will Get $10.1 Million to Counter Gender Bias in Studies 
 Is Given an Overhaul 
Fresh Graves Point to Undercount of Ebola Toll  
Finding Risks, Not Answers, in Gene Tests 
RT @dacorc: NYTScience climate special: What'll happen to corn? 
Well: Beauty in the Beets 
A Mother in Jail for Helping Her Daughter Have an Abortion 
Nature in the Balance: Testing Future Conditions for the Food Chain 
RT @carlzimmer: How climate change will affect our food supply—by @JustinHGillis 
Pendulums, by definition, swing, and the one on which Prozac rides is no exception. 
The New Health Care: Medicaid Gives the Poor a Reason to Say No Thanks 
The New Health Care: In Context, Health Premium Increases Don’t Actually Look Like Increases 
Joan Rivers's Treatment Seen as Possible Example of V.I.P. Syndrome 
Retro Report: Selling Prozac as the Life-Enhancing Cure for Mental Woes 
Well: A Better Baby I.C.U. 
Sometimes a nearby cupcake can be more problematic than nearby crack. 
Op-Ed Contributors: A Cancer Battle We Can Win  
Browse NYT Cooking's favorite healthy dinner recipes  (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT) 
Woman wants HIV drugs. No evidence she has HIV. What’s a doctor to do? 
Browse NYT Cooking's favorite healthy brunch recipes  (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT) 
Panel advises against prescribing testosterone to men who only have aging issues, such as low energy and libido. 
Terence Moakley, Advocate for Disabled, Dies at 69 
Paying Till It Hurts: After Surgery, Surprise $117,000 Medical Bill From Doctor He Didn't Know 
Browse NYT Cooking's favorite healthy appetizer recipes  (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT) 
Ever heard of a dynamometer? Some think it should be in every doctor’s office in America.  
News Analysis: Can a Computer Replace Your Doctor? 
Sunday afternoon project idea: make focaccia from scratch. 
Moderate weight loss  reduced the risk of Type 2 diabetes by nearly what percent? The weekly quiz: 
Our guide to activity trackers:  David Sedaris’ essay on what one did to him: 
It’s better to make gradual changes in what and how much you eat than try a crash diet. 
Liberia accounts for more than half of all Ebola cases. 
Lockdown Begins in Sierra Leone to Battle Ebola 
Americans’ beer bellies are getting bigger. 
Guinter Kahn, Inventor of Baldness Remedy, Dies at 80 
Hospitals in Kashmir Struggle After Flooding, Deepening a Health Crisis 
Even if your not moving around — standing seems to be better than sitting. 
A 65-year-old woman is younger than a 65-year-old man. 
How readers responded to the @NYTmag article on abortions by mail.  
A woman suspected to have Ebola is taken to ambulance in Sierra Leone. Photo by @Samuel_Aranda  
The number of people in West Africa who have died from Ebola doubled in the past month. 
Your Money Adviser: Rule Changes Increase Flexibility in Pretax Health Care Accounts 
Hearing focuses on security weaknesses in government healthcare site. 
Donating one’s body to science may be a generous thing to do. But it’s not easy to pull off. 
The beer belly is on the rise in America — even as people’s weight stays otherwise the same.  
Girl watches Ebola spray team disinfect her house in Monrovia. By @berehulak  
RT @heathertal: .@berehulak is doing an incredible job covering Ebola in Liberia. His Instagram photos:  
More than half of Americans have what is considered abdominal obesity. 
RT @celiadugger: Fear and rage in Guinea: Mob kills journalist and officials at Ebola community awareness event. 
Average waist circumference — but not BMI— increased significantly in the U.S. between 1999 and 2012. 
RT @paula_span: Donating your body "to science" takes planning. One family's story: 
Well: The Expanding American Waistline 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Approves Trulicity, a Drug for Type 2 Diabetes 
Ebola Presents Challenge, and an Opportunity, for U.N. Leader 
Fear of Ebola Drives Mob to Kill Officials in Guinea 
DealBook: Bayer to Spin Off Plastics Group to Focus on Health Care 
World Briefing: Syria: Opposition Investigates Vaccine 
About New York: An Effort to Raise Awareness of Sepsis, Led by Families Touched by It 
Health Care Act Still Covers 7.3 Million  
Op-Ed Contributor: When Medicine Is Futile 
Were you paying attention this week? The health quiz: 
Artificial sweeteners are a $1.5-billion-a-year market @kchangnyt reported last year. 
Artificial sweeteners may disrupt the body’s ability to regulate blood sugar. 
RT @MarthaRShulman:   #Whole #Wheat #Focaccia with #Tomatoes and #Olives on #Recipes for #Health
RT @sangerkatz: Most-read on @nytimes site. MT @ReedAbelson Panel Urges Overhauling Health Care at End of Life   ICYM…
The New Old Age Blog: Donating the Body 
U.S. Lays Out Strategy to Combat Crisis of Antibiotic Resistance 
U.S. Lays Out Strategy to Combat Crisis of Antibotic Resistance 
Ebola Deaths Doubled in a Month, Health Group Says 
Yes, I’m a surgeon. But no, I can’t type. 
Well: Living With Cancer: Making Room 
Well: Your Surgeon Seems Qualified, but Can He Type? 
Elizabeth Whelan, Who Challenged Food Laws, Dies at 70 
San Francisco Official Says He Takes Truvada to Prevent H.I.V., and More Gay Men Should, Too 
Rob Ford to Be Treated for Unusual Cancer 
F.T.C. Wary of Mergers by Hospitals 
Poor Fitness in Military Poses Peril, Report Says 
V.A. Official Acknowledges Link Between Delays and Patient Deaths 
Pregnancy for Pay: Surrogates and Couples Face a Maze of Laws, State by State 
RT @celiadugger: The evidence is mostly in mice, but Sweet'N Low and Equal may disrupt blood sugar regulation.  via @…
RT @cslnyt: yet, the concept of low-T has been heavily marketed as a fountain of youth  @natashanyt
RT @cslnyt: Do older men who take testosterone have improved physical, sexual or cognitive function? It's unknown.  @…
RT @kchangnyt: Artificial sweeteners raise blood sugar?? The real solution is, of course: eat and drink less sweet stuff. 
If you’e had an inkling that fake sugar is bad for you, more hints you could be right. 
If you’ve had an inkling that the fake sugar may not be good for you, more hints you’re right. 
Well: Artificial Sweeteners May Disrupt Body’s Blood Sugar Controls 
End-of-Life Care Needs Sweeping Overhaul, Panel Says 
RT @tminsberg: A panel is arguing that it's time to overhaul how the USA deals with end-of-life care, @PamBelluck writes 
RT @celiadugger: Ebola could be "catastrophic" economic blow to 3 hardest hit West African nations, World Bank warns. 
Bad Vaccine Kills Up to 50 Children in Northern Syria 
RT @bcsolomon: This is the 1st foreign @MSF worker to contract #Ebola. Bad timing as foreign aid aims to build confidence, attract more per…
RT @bcsolomon: Breaking news: A French @MSF (Doctors Without Borders) worker contracts #Ebola in #Monrovia #Liberia. Will be evacuated to F…
The New Health Care: With New Health Law, Shopping Around Can Be Crucial 
Ebola Could Devastate West African Economies, World Bank Says 
F.D.A. Panel Weighs Restrictions on Testosterone Drugs 
Using a nuclear tool to fight cancer — background on proton therapy at core of British health debate. 
An opinion piece on whether proton beam treatment is worth the price. 
Critics are asking whether British health service was justified in refusing proton beam therapy for boy with cancer. 
The New Health Care: How Insurers Are Finding Ways to Shift Costs to the Sick 
Map of the Ebola outbreak, which is the biggest on record. 
More than 3,600 people in Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal and Sierra Leone have contracted Ebola since March. 
Obama Presses Leaders to Speed Ebola Response 
Health Care for Britain in Harsh Light 
Well: Sit Less, Live Longer? 
Paying Til It Hurts — a series on health care costs. 
Well: Savory and Sweet Whole Wheat Focaccia 
U.N. Sees Need for $1 Billion to Fight Ebola 
Hand-grip strength is an amazingly good predictor of future rates of mortality and morbidity, or sickness. 
A different classification of “old” that begins for men at  69 and women at 72. 
The New Old Age Blog: On New Measurements of Aging 
RT @nytvideo: A Healthcare Hot Potato 
Resilience is a bit like pornography: It’s hard to define, but we know it when we see it. 
9000 children younger than 6 are hospitalized annually for the accidental ingestion of prescription drugs. 
There is a solution to heel pain. It looks like this. 
It’s not the drugs —but the overwhelming weight gain — that sometimes ruins recovery. 
Child Mortality Falling, U.N. Says, but Not Fast Enough 
President Obama offers assistance toward construction of 17 Ebola treatment centers in West Africa.  
RT @sangerkatz: This chart from the Census report really shows the effect of Medicare and Medicaid on insured rate. 
RT @JeffGordinier: Bacteria to the rescue! 
RT @GretchenReynold: A low-tech but effective fix for sore heels  Ask Well: Plantar Fasciitis Relief  via @nytimeswell
RT @bstrauch: All you need to know about stem cells. There's hope but not much progress so far.
A perfect fall bread that blends sweet, nutty and savory flavors.  
The New Health Care: New Estimates on Health Coverage Are Accurate but Outdated 
U.S. to End Coverage Under Health Care Law for Tens of Thousands 
Number of Americans Without Health Insurance Falls, Survey Shows 
Obama to Call for Expansion of Ebola Fight 
Arizona Republican Official Resigns After Remarks About Medicaid Recipients 
New York Files an Antitrust Suit Against the Maker of an Alzheimer’s Drug  
Do you prescribe preventative medicine when there is little evidence it is needed? 
Global Health: Among Malaria Parasites, Real Feel for Mosquitoes 
Taking a Health Hazard Home  
How should a doctor deal with a patient, who admits she has H.I.V. phobia? 
Stem Cells: Plenty of Hope, but Halting Progress 
Well: But What if They Were to Die? 
Well: Ask Well: Plantar Fasciitis Relief 
Reactions: Cancer Screening at a Cost, Your Uncomfortable Flight, Fortunate Dinosaur Bones 
Going Inside the Rice Microbiome 
Well: Off the Drugs, Onto the Cupcakes 
The New Health Care: Limiting Choice to Control Health Spending: A Caution 
Maker of Hepatitis C Drug Strikes Deal on Generics for Poor Countries 
Well: Beating Back the Risk of Diabetes 
Well: Select Drugs Cause Most Childhood Poisonings 
Renewing Health Coverage May Not Be as Automatic as Government Says 
Rashi Fein, Economist Who Urged Medicare, Dies at 88 
Back to the Slums of His Youth, to Defuse the Ebola Time Bomb 
Opinion: Should We All Take a Bit of Lithium? 
Both Sides Cite Urgency in Court Appeal of a Texas Law on Abortion Clinics 
N.F.L. Agrees: Brain Trauma in 1 in 3 Players 
Liberian President Pleads With Obama for Assistance in Combating Ebola 
U.S. Scientists See Long Fight Against Ebola 
Contributing Op-Ed Writer: Learning How to Exert Self-Control  
The New Old Age Blog: Tougher Than They Look 
What we're afraid to say about Ebola   via @nytopinion
Test your knowledge of the latest health news. 
Well: Bright Green Pesto That Won’t Fade 
Aid Worker Recovering From Ebola 
72-Hour Wait for Abortion Is Enacted in Missouri 
Pesticide Levels in Waterways Have Dropped, Reducing the Risks to Humans 
RT @paula_span: Surprising portion of seniors in ERs malnourished, new UNC study finds. @judith_graham explains. 
Matter: Mining for Antibiotics, Right Under Our Noses. 
Have you observed yourself or others granting a moral license to do bad, after doing good? 
A Window Into Everyday Morality via Text Message 
Dying of Ebola at the Hospital Door 
But those who granted a kindness were more likely to commit a small act of rudeness that day – granting themselves “moral license” to do so.
People on the receiving end of an act of kindness were about 10 percent more likely to do something nice themselves later in the day.
More evidence that good deeds can be contagious.   
RT @bcsolomon: My video dispatch from #Liberia for @nytimes: Sick from #Ebola &amp; dying at the hospital door  
The New Old Age Blog: In the Emergency Room, a Hidden Ailment 
RT @lpolgreen: Ebola patients turned away at hospital gates in Liberia. Harrowing dispatch from @bcsolomon.  
Meet McBaine, a highly trained cancer detection dog.  
Workplace wellness programs sound great. But are they effective?  
The New Health Care: Do Workplace Wellness Programs Work? Usually Not 
The perfect little high-protein packages: pesto-filled deviled eggs by @MarthaRShulman  
RT @Sulliview: Making science journalism understandable without losing the nuance.  My post on pregnancy and antidepressants: 
Study: The most reliable workers are those who get seven to eight hours of sleep each night 
Well: Training Dogs to Sniff Out Cancer 
A new drug to treat obesity has gained approval by the F.D.A. 
Stabbing With Syringe in Nigeria Raises Concerns of Ebola as Weapon 
The @gatesfoundation pledged $50 million to fight Ebola, the largest sum it has ever committed to one outbreak 
Health insurance premiums are starting to look like wage growth and inflation  
Gates Foundation Pledges $50 Million to Fight Ebola 
RT @michaelluo: Horrific case...Family of Mentally Ill Rikers Inmate Sues New York City Over His Death 
RT @bstrauch: what happened at the clinic where Joan Rivers died?
Well: HPV Vaccine Program in Australia Shows Success 
Risotto with Asparagus and Pesto  @MarthaRShulman
The New Health Care: Can We Have a Fact-Based Conversation About End-of-Life Planning? 
RT @cslnyt: Night before Joan Rivers died she told a friend she was “going in for a little procedure”  @anemonanyc @j…
The New Health Care: Latest Good News in Health Spending: Employer Premiums 
RT @ReedAbelson: Latest Good News in Health Spending: Employer Premiums  via @UpshotNYT
Enjoy sugary drinks? Get ready to walk. 
Well: Airplane Crew May Face Increased Melanoma Risk 
Phys Ed: Drink Soda? Take 12,000 Steps 
At Surgery Clinic, Rush to Save Joan Rivers’s Life 
Seeing Abuse, and a Pattern Too Familiar 
Want your colleagues to be more reliable? Encourage them to get 7-8 hours of sleep a night. 
Maybe narrow health networks aren't so bad. 
RT @bcsolomon: A health worker checks himself in a mirror before entering highly contagious #Ebola ward. At @MSF clinic in #Liberia 
Paralyzed in a car crash, then fired for using medical marijuana.  
“Virtually every single player in the N.F.L. has a certifiable need for medical marijuana.” 
Drugs, Legal and Illicit, May Be Hurting Pilot Performance, Study Says 
RT @cslnyt: "To be a good citizen you must get rid of unused Rx drugs as soon as you're finished w/ them" Why? Read this: 
RT @bencareynyt: How to apply cognitive science to homework hour, in the Motherlode blog: 
RT @bencareynyt: My book HOW WE LEARN launches (blasts off!) today. Got buy and read it willya - 
RT @paula_span: Most elderly nursing home patients with advanced dementia still getting meds of "questionable benefit."  Why? 
Airplane seat designers had some not-so-great assumptions. 
Until now, drugs could not legally be returned to pharmacies. 
RT @ginakolata: The Problem With Reclining Airplane Seat Design  via @nytimeswell Best yet on the seat problem.Real d…
The New Old Age Blog: Near Death, and Overmedicated 
Coalition Urges Nations to Decriminalize Drugs and Drug Use 
Ebola Cases Reported Up Sharply in Liberia 
After First Plan Is Blocked, Virginia Governor Reduces Medicaid Expansion Goals 
Reactions: Antidepressants and Pregnancy, Carb Conundrum 
Respiratory Virus Sickens Children in the Midwest 
Passengers aren’t the real problem in the whole reclining debate.  Seat design is. 
Well: The Problem with Reclining Airplane Seat Design 
Consumers can now return unused prescription medications like opioid painkillers to pharmacies. 
Books: In 'Doctored,' Shortcomings of Health Care and Doctor 
Q&amp;A: Exploring the Connection Between Alcohol and Dementia 
Global Health: Mosquito-Borne Viruses Hit Japan and the U.S. 
 Upgrades Are Priority for New Health and Human Services Chief 
The New Health Care: Doctors' Magical Thinking About Conflicts of Interest 
Well: A Family Cycle of Diabetes 
Well: A Sleep Sweet Spot 
To Curb Abuse, Patients Allowed to Return Unused Pills to Pharmacies 
Well: Obesity Around the Nation 
RT @carlzimmer: Whoops again: NIH uncovers 100-year-old vials of ricin and agents of plague, botulism, and other fun &amp; games.  
Lasker Winner Calls for More Genetic Testing for Cancer 
Well: In Prediabetes, a Chance to Avert Crisis 
The latest Ebola news: 
Kathryn Morgan Uses Social Media as She Gears for Her Return 
Legal Use of Marijuana Clashes With Job Rules 
Can Apple Build a Cool and Convenient iWatch? 
Grandma’s Meat Loaf? Hardly. Her Home Now Has a 3-Star Chef. 
Desperate to contain Ebola, Sierra Leone has decreed a stringent new measure confining residents to their homes. 
Unclear on the difference between the Jawbone and Misfit? A guide to activity trackers: 
Is horseback riding good exercise? Yes, especially if you muck out your mount’s stall.  
Another good reason to go kick the ball around with your son or daughter this afternoon. 
Looking for an activity tracker? Here's our newly updated guide. 
Many people are immune to Ebola. Finding them is the tricky part. 
Teenagers try to avoid “green tobacco sickness” in the fields of North Carolina. 
Sierra Leone to Impose 3-Day Ebola Quarantine 
New York City Reports 3 New Cases of Meningitis 
World Briefing Two Vaccines to Protect Against Ebola Could Be Available Within Weeks  
Business Briefing : Warnings Issued for Keryx Dialysis Drug 
Antibodies could be harvested from the blood of those who are immune to treat new Ebola victims. 
RT @heathertal: A lot of people are likely immune to Ebola. Now if we could just figure out who precisely. 
What does new research about a low-carb vs. high-fat diet mean you should actually eat? @anahadoconnor explores this 
Opinion: Studying Ebola, Then Dying From It 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Weaker and Weaker Solved! 
Many in West Africa Are Thought to Be Immune to Ebola, but Finding Them Won’t Be Easy 
Well: Couscous Salads, Big Bowls and Casseroles 
The New Old Age Blog: A Picture of Dementia 
Does new research emphasizing a low-carb diet mean you should eat more meat? @anahadoconnor answers reader questions 
What’s the difference between a whole-food carb and a refined carb? 
Well: New Answers About Carbs and Fat 
RT @nycscribe: South Africa and Kenya, against medical advice, are isolating countries hit by Ebola, making matters worse. 
The Other Ebola Toll: African Economies 
National Briefing Well: Ask Well: Is Horseback Riding Good Exercise? 
Advertising: Blurring Line Between Snack and Meal, Mac and Cheese to Graze On 
New York State Gives Health Insurers Average Rate Rise of 5.7% 
Study of Jewish Women Shows Link to Cancer Without Family History 
Op-Ed Contributor: Why Do Doctors Commit Suicide? 
Apple Nears Introduction of Smartwatch and Bigger iPhones 
Merck Wins Approval of Novel Immune-System Drug for Cancer 
How plants use caffeine as instruments of control. 
"I can remember the early days of having schizophrenia.” 
Even small amounts of exercise enable children to improve their focus. 
During the trial it emerged that Williams was known as "Tic-Tac man" because he left behind Anatabloc samples similar to mints at meetings.
Cash from a dietary supplement exec contributed to the fall of former Gov. Bob McDonnell of Virginia. 
The New Health Care: How People Feel About Their Employer-Sponsored Health Plans 
IV Line Misplaced in Bungled Oklahoma Execution, Report Says 
First Arrest Made in 2012 Steroid Medication Deaths 
Well: Living With Schizophrenia: The Importance of Routine 
RT @carlzimmer: A look at WHO’s shortcomings in the face of #Ebola  Slashed, quirky budget, for one thing.
RT @cslnyt: Policies "fly in the face of what we know about the importance of a child’s 1st few years"  @FordhamLawNYC
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Who's fat, who's not: state by state. Colorado wins again.  
A 19-year-old man collapses at work after months of increasing weakness. Can you figure out why? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Weaker and Weaker 
Well: Put the Physical in Education 
V.A. Rules May Enable Benefits Long Denied to Vietnam-Era Veterans 
3rd Missionary With Ebola Is Identified 
Cuts at W.H.O. Hurt Response to Ebola Crisis 
Efforts to improve what children eat should begin before they even learn to walk, studies suggest 
Observatory: Action Films May Spur the Need to Feed 
Health Care Spending to Rise, Federal Experts Predict 
RT @DanBilefsky: A British Ebola patient fully recovers after taking an experimental drug, spurring some cautious optimism. My story. http:…
Will China Defeat Obesity? 
Experimental Vaccine Shows Promise Against Dengue Fever 
Dr. Lisa Sanders's next Think Like a Doctor goes up tomorrow at 9. Can you figure out why a 19-year-old man is getting weaker?
British Parents Reunited With Ill Child After Arrest in Spain 
Unusual Drama School in Rome Is Set to Expand 
C.D.C. says that anyone who was in the outbreak region and develops a fever of 101.5 degrees or higher should seek immediate medical care
College Campuses Urged to Come Up with an Ebola Plan 
The New Old Age Blog: A Better Flu Shot 
Mold problems come even without floods or overflowing bathtubs. 
Beginning in August, medical marijuana dispensaries in Berkeley will donate cannabis to low-income residents.  
Worth revisiting this @cslnyt piece on lack of scientific evidence about what exactly medical marijuana does. 
Texas Abortion Clinic to Reopen After Court Ruling 
"I can't afford to buy it, but my need isn't any less than anyone else's.”   @iglovett on medical marijuana
Perdue Eliminates Antibiotic Use in Its Hatcheries 
CVS will no longer sell cigarettes. 
Up to 14 percent of pregnant women take antidepressants. 
More than 3,500 Ebola cases have been confirmed so far. 
British nurse who contracted Ebola in West Africa and was treated with ZMapp has fully recovered. 
CVS stores will no longer sell tobacco products (Photo: Andrew Renneisen/NYT)  
Physical activity does not increase people’s risk of developing A.L.S.  
RT @ReedAbelson: Bracing for New Challenges in Year 2 of Health Care Law  See my story about expectations for upcomin…
British Ebola Patient Discharged From Hospital 
RT @bstrauch: An experimental vaccine against dengue fever gets good results.
Heat stroke is the leading cause of death and disability among high school athletes in the United States. 
A reminder — don’t rely on thirst to tell you how much to drink when it’s hot.  
Hot weather kills more Americans than all other natural disasters combined, 
A 16-year-old Staten Island student died during a sweltering football practice. 
An experimental vaccine shows promise against dengue fever 
The type of mold usually found in homes can make you sick 
Berkeley is instating a charity cannabis mandate, perhaps the first such law 
Well: Can Exercise Cause A.L.S.? 
CVS Stores Stop Selling All Tobacco Products 
A major study shows that avoiding carbohydrates and eating more fat helps with weight loss and cuts heart risks 
World Briefing: Britain: Charges Dropped Against Parents of Ill Child 
U.N. and Medical Group Make Appeals for Ebola Aid 
Open Source: Video Shows Panic in Liberia as Man Wanders Out of Ebola Clinic 
Grief at Staten Island School After Football Player Collapses and Dies 
U.S. Colleges Advised to Tighten Ebola Precautions 
Bracing for New Challenges in Year 2 of Health Care Law 
Berkeley Pushes a Boundary on Medical Marijuana 
Smaller military hospitals are said to put patients at risk 
Comparing military hospitals in the United States and overseas that provide inpatient services 
Try this simple dish with complex flavors (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
RT @jimdao: DNA evidence helps exonerate two mentally disabled men in N.C. serving life for rape-murder of a girl 30 years ago  
RT @anahadoconnor: What every parent should know about their children and their diets. by @cslnyt  
RT @bstrauch: A chilling video showing an Ebola patient trying to escape in Liberia.
Do you have questions about new research promoting the benefits of a low carb, higher fat diet? 
Video: Ebola patient escapes overcrowded hospital in Monrovia and is chased through market.  
RT @cslnyt: Want your 6-yr-old to eat vegetables? Offer a variety by 10-12 months.  @AmerAcadPeds
RT @cslnyt: Infants fed green beans for 1st time squinted &amp; wrinkled their noses. But most ate seconds. 
RT @jimdao: Are there too many military hospitals to provide quality care to service members and their families? 
Get the little ones interested in fruits and veggies between 10 and 12 months for lasting benefits, researchers say. 
New research supports that low-carb is more important than low-fat when trying to lose weight. 
Study: African-Americans born at low birth weight are at an increased risk for Type 2 diabetes later in life 
A major study shows that avoiding carbohydrates and eating more fat helps with weight loss and cuts heart risks 
Childhood Diet Habits Set in Infancy, Studies Suggest 
Military Medicine: Smaller Military Hospitals Said to Put Patients at Risk 
Paleontology: The Oldest Known Muscle Tissues Are Found 
Brainy, Yes, But Far From Handy 
Well: Of Little Help to Older Knees 
Well: A Benefit of Legal Marijuana 
Well: Birth Weight and Diabetes 
Well: Possible Risks of S.S.R.I. Antidepressants to Newborns 
A Call for a Low-Carb Diet 
Reactions: Readers’ Thoughts on Spotless Minds and Big Weddings 
RT @paula_span: Reimbursing doctors for end of life discussions with patients. @PamBelluck explains growing trend. 
Parents Who Took Ill Son Abroad Fight Order to Return to Britain 
Books: Guiding a Husband and a Mother Through Alzheimer’s at the Same Time 
Matter: Tiny, Vast Windows Into Human DNA 
Global Health: How Fighting in Pakistan Affects War Against Polio 
Recipes for Health: Israeli Couscous, Eggplant and Tomato Gratin 
Increasingly, High-Deductible Health Plans Weigh Down Employees 
The New Health Care: What Happens When Health Plans Compete 
Judge Blocks Abortion Law in Louisiana 
Well: Don’t Catch What Ails Your House 
Cholesterol Drug Halves Heart Attack and Stroke in Early Test 
End-of-Life Talks May Finally Overcome Politics 
New Novartis Drug Shows Striking Efficacy in Treating Heart Failure 
Federal Judge Approves California Plan to Reduce Isolation of Mentally Ill Inmates 
Judge Rejects Texas Stricture on Abortions 
Scientists have unlocked some secrets about how the brain attaches emotions to memories 
Five authors of a recent scientific paper on the spread of Ebola have themselves died of the infection 
How a Brooklyn man tackled a lifelong fear and learned to swim  (Photo: Jake Naughton/NYT) 
Leadership and Calm Are Urged in Outbreak 
Have some extra time to cook this weekend? Try some of these Eat Well recipes 
Medicare Will Settle Short-Term Care Bills 
Quarantine for Ebola Lifted in Liberia Slum 
A parasite capable of manipulating the mind — so much so that the hosts may put themselves at risk of death 
What you need to know about the Ebola outbreak  
As Ebola grips Liberia's capital, a quarantine sows social chaos  (Photo: Daniel Berehulak) 
An ominous Ebola forecast requires an urgent infusion of aid from around the globe  via @nytopinion
The New Old Age Blog: Dizzying Times 
Well: Ask Well: The Problem with Bunions 
Study Says ZMapp Works Against Ebola 
Well: Just Add Farro 
With Intensive Swim Lessons, a Man Attacks His Fear of Water 
Injected Drugs Said to Kill Man in Flawed Execution 
Sam Kass, the Obamas’ Foodmaster General 
Pennsylvania to Purchase Private Care for Its Poor 
Dr. Khan, of Sierra Leone, was invited to spend the summer at Harvard, but he stayed to fight Ebola. He died at 39. 
RT @heathertal: Five of the authors on a new Ebola study died from Ebola before it was published.   
Well: Forming Attachments Near and Far 
In Liberia’s Capital, an Ebola Outbreak Like No Other 
Ebola Outbreak in Sierra Leone Is Tied to One Funeral 
Well: In Sickness and in Health 
Abortion at sea. 
A parasite capable of manipulating the mind — so much so that the hosts may put themselves at risk of death.  
BPA stopped mice from producing viable eggs at an abnormally young age. 
RT @bstrauch: Ebola outbreak still accelerating and could top 20,000.
Well: In Plastics and Cans, a Threat to Women 
The New Old Age Blog: How to Complain to Medicare 
A Japanese man fathered around a dozen babies through surrogates —born a few weeks apart. Why is not known. 
The surrogacy business in Thailand has provided a low-cost alternative to the United States. 
The Dawn of the Post-Clinic Abortion 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Ebola out break still growing, Could Eventually Afflict Over 20,000. Now, Nigeria cases outside Lagos. Ominous.  http:/…
RT @carlzimmer: Epigenetics are cool. Mind-controlling parasites are cool. Epigenetics+parasites=Very cool. My new @nytimes column: 
RT @Jeffdelviscio: What if you could reach into your brain and adjust bad memories?  
Matter: Parasites Practicing Mind Control 
RT @jimdao: Affluent areas of Bronx, Queens now hot spots for heroin use as deaths from overdoses spike in NYC 
Ebola Could Eventually Afflict Over 20,000, W.H.O. Says 
Heroin’s Death Toll Rising in New York, Amid a Shift in Who Uses It 
Remaking Medicine: Expansion of Mental Health Care Hits Obstacles 
Using Light Technique, Scientists Find Dimmer Switch for Memories in Mice  
A filmmaker explores how Alzheimer’s disease has revealed the strength of his parents’ marriage 
We fear alcohol’s bad effects too much, and those of food too little  via @nytopinion
A group of soccer parents and players filed a lawsuit against FIFA over its handling of concussions 
Looking at twin personality through unrelated look-alikes 
Scientists have unlocked some secrets about how the brain attaches emotions to memories 
RT @dacorc: Amazing pix of non-twin lookalikes (for a psychology study). 
The W.H.O. is urging stronger regulations of e-cigarettes (Photo: Nick Oxford for NYT)  
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Hard to protect health workers: 3rd Doctor Dies From Ebola in Sierra Leone -  via @ABC
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Ebola patient, a WHO staff member from Senegal, arrives in Germany for treatment   via @WSJ
Concussion Lawsuit Bids to Force Rules Changes in Soccer 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: WHO bails, while Doctors Without Borders hangs in. WHO Moves Team in Sierra Leone When Medical Worker Contracts Ebola h…
Well: A Tipping Point for Too Much Talent 
The couple that makes decisions together is more likely to stay together 
Nonprofit Hospitals’ 2013 Revenue Lowest Since Recession, Report Says 
Mervyn Susser, 92, Dies; Studied Illness and Society 
W.H.O. Removes Team From Sierra Leone After a Medical Worker Contracts Ebola 
World Health Organization Urges Stronger Regulation of Electronic Cigarettes 
Leader of Connecticut’s Health Marketplace Is Named to Run Federal Program 
How thoughtfully couples make decisions can have a lasting effect on the quality of their romantic relationships. 
Is there any nutritional difference between brown and white eggs? 
Dementia is weird. It’s not like memories get permanently erased; sometimes they are there, and sometimes not. 
Fighting Ebola, and the conspiracy theories 
The New Old Age Blog: Her Own Kind of Absence 
Liberian Leader Reported to Fire Officials for Defying Ebola Order 
Three approaches to beating the AIDS epidemic in South Africa 
Does looking like someone else translate into shared personality traits? Research suggests that it does not. 
How South Africa went from 250 to 23,000 nurses trained to prescribe antiretroviral drugs. 
Mother-to-child AIDS transmissions have dropped by 90 percent in South Africa, largely thanks to one program. 
Wedding size may have some bearing on the strength of a marriage. 
King Richard III quite enjoyed devouring swan, crane and heron with a side of wine. 
RT @cslnyt: Don't take Medicare star ratings of nursing homes at face value  @katie_thomas
Most Americans don't need to worry about their salt intake.  
Advertising: Estée Lauder to Weave Pink Ribbons Through the Internet 
Liberian Doctor Treated With an Experimental Drug Dies From Ebola 
No Link Found for Deaths and Veterans’ Care Delays 
In the last few years, South Africa has "managed a miracle,” according to AIDS researchers.  
A Marriage to Remember 
Op-Docs: ‘A Marriage to Remember’ 
Q&amp;A: Don’t Judge Them by Their Shells 
Looking at Twin Personality Through Look-alikes 
Disease Control: Fighting Ebola, and the Conspiracy Theories 
Books: ‘Shocked’ and ‘Working Stiff’ Detail Careers Involving Corpses 
Observatory: Richard III’s Rich Diet of Fish and Exotic Birds 
Do you have a decisive marriage? New research suggests that this is an important question.  
These men are not related.  
Technology Adviser Expected to Leave White House Post 
Clues in a Disease Spreader’s Reaction 
Three Approaches to Beating the AIDS Epidemic in South Africa 
Reactions: Drugs and Teens, Seafood on the Menu 
AIDS Progress in South Africa in Peril 
Well: The Decisive Marriage 
Global Health: Premature Labor Drugs Underused, Study Says 
The Scan: September Science Events: Beautiful Pathogens and Extreme Close-ups 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: In Liberia, a Child Thought to Have Ebola: heartbreaking images.  
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Surviving Ebola, but Untouchable Back Home 
The New Old Age Blog: Four-Star Disappointments 
RT @sangerkatz: Too much salt is bad for you. So is too little. @aaronecarroll on why we should freak out less about sodium: 
Recipes for Health: Cold Tomato Soup with Farro 
Well: Healing Teenage Cancer’s Scars 
Is reliance on a white-noise machine for a good night’s sleep something to worry about? 
Chicago and 2 California Counties Sue Over Marketing of Painkillers 
Medicare Star Ratings Allow Nursing Homes to Game the System 
Documenting the Ebola epidemic in Liberia 
Can good design help heal the sick? 
Eat some fish this weekend. Research suggests that it will help your brain — as long as it’s not fried 
The “Ice Bucket Challenge”  has now raised more than $40 million for Lou Gehrig’s disease. 
The federal government has increased restrictions on prescription painkillers like Vicodin 
An insider's guide to the rise of CrossFit (Photo: Devin Yalkin for NYT)  
Weighing the pros and cons of screening for prostate cancer. 
Surveys estimate that this many teenagers have tried marijuana at least once. Take the quiz! 
Not even the Food and Drug Administration knows if spray-on sunscreen is safe 
A look at why B.K.S. Iyengar was considered such a pioneer.  
A study suggests that brains of children with autism may be left with an oversupply of synapses 
Why more people, not fewer, could be getting health insurance at work  
RT @bstrauch: Is autism a problem, perhaps in part, of having too many brain connections?
Breakfast may not be the most important meal of the day 
When a man decides to be screened for prostate cancer, there’s a risk he will sustain harm. 
Childhood treatment with human growth hormone is strongly associated with an increased risk for stroke. 
If They Survive in Ebola Ward, They Work on 
The average ice bucket challenge gift size was $46.25, with the largest donation so far being a $100,000 check. 
RT @nytrosenthal: My kid's 4 hr ER visit for stomach pain here begot a $42,000 bill, incl $12,000 CAT scan &amp; $9000 sono. Now I see why  htt…
RT @MattWaldNYT: The #blood industry is hurting. 
How redesigning rooms caused patients to ask for 30 percent less pain medication. 
Editorial: The Debate on Salty Foods, Continued 
Changes in medicine have eliminated the need for millions of blood transfusions. 
A study found that compared with those who skipped breakfast, those who ate a morning meal … take the weekly quiz. 
Before you grab that spray-on sunscreen today, here’s what you should know. 
World Briefing: Ghana: Cholera Outbreak Kills Dozens 
Two New Cases of Ebola Stem From Indirect Contact 
National Briefing Blood Industry Shrinks as Transfusions Decline 
Administration Proposes New Health Rules Addressing Religious Objections 
CrossFit doesn’t just transform bodies, it changes the way people think of themselves. 
Vegetarian taco night doesn’t have to mean beans and lettuce. 
RT @bstrauch: Can a better hospital room actually make you feel better?This is fascinating.
Not even the Food and Drug Administration knows if spray-on sunscreen is safe. 
Well: Growth Hormone for Children May Increase Stroke Risk 
Well: Vegetarian Taco Night 
RT @bstrauch: What is Crossfit, anyhow?
Weekly consumption of fish was associated with larger gray matter in the brain, but not because of omega-3 content. 
Eat some fish this weekend. Research suggests that it will help your brain — as long as it’s not fried. 
A Private Good: The Teaching of Future Doctors Doesn’t Necessarily Deserve Your Tax Dollars 
The weekly health quiz: 
Well: Ask Well: Are Spray-On Sunscreens Safe? 
World Briefing: Congo: Illness Kills at Least 70 People 
Well Design: In Redesigned Room, Hospital Patients May Feel Better Already 
Have you been paying attention?  
Two U.S. Ebola Patients Are Released by Atlanta Hospital 
The medicalization of food deprives the dying of some of the last remnants of the human experience 
RT @paula_span: Medicare Part D progress eroding: More seniors skip doses, delay refills, forgo basics like heat to afford drugs. 
Brains of Autistic Children Have Too Many Synapses, Study Suggests 
Well: One Moment You See, Then You Don’t 
The New Old Age Blog: Part D Gains May Be Eroding 
D.E.A. Increases Restrictions on Prescription Painkillers Like Vicodin 
RT @WilliamJBroad: Now a Weed, Once a Prehistoric Cavity Fighter 
RT @UpshotNYT: Why more people, not fewer, could be getting health insurance at work.  
RT @cslnyt: "Today is a miraculous day" -- Dr. Kent Brantly, a Ebola patient at Emory, at their press conference 
Well: Is Breakfast Overrated? 
Well: Food and the Dying Patient 
World Briefing: More People Going to Switzerland for Assisted Suicide, Study Finds 
Nickel Allergies on Rise as Devices Meet Skin 
Clashes Erupt as Liberia Sets a Quarantine 
The panic and challenges doctors face in poor, densely populated urban areas  
Well: What Is So Special About Iyengar Yoga? 
Well: Fish as Brain Food 
Well: Instant Noodles Tied to Heart Risk 
B.K.S. Iyengar, Who Helped Bring Yoga to West, Dies at 95 
In his first visit to New York, Mr. Iyengar said he encountered racism but little interest in yoga. 
RT @sangerkatz: Was surprised by the HPV-related mortality stat in this @DrPaulOffit op-ed on vaccine: 4,000 deaths a year in US: 
“Yoga saved my life,” B.K.S. Iyengar said in an interview in 2005. 
B.K.S. Iyengar, Who Helped Bring Yoga to West, Dies at 95 
Is reliance on a white-noise machine for a good night’s sleep something to worry about? 
Well: Feeding Your Canine Athlete 
In Liberia, a Child Thought to Have Ebola 
An insider's guide to the rise of CrossFit (Photo: Devin Yalkin for NYT)  
It was costly, but strikingly easy to buy a kidney (Photo: Rina Castelnuovo for NYT)  
Op-Ed Contributor: Let’s Not Talk About Sex 
Ebola Is ‘Disaster’ of Scale Still Unknown, Relief Official Says 
RT @cslnyt: New vaccine shows promise against chikungunya, a mosquito-borne virus that causes fever + joint pain 
RT @kchangnyt: On the NYT most emailed, right below my invisible fish story: "Lots of Reasons to Eat Fish" by Jane Brody 
RT @sangerkatz: A detailed look at how state vaccination levels connect with disease outbreaks:  from @ProfEmilyOster…
An adaptive climbing group lifts paraclimbers to higher goals (Photo: Jake Naughton/NYT)  
Well: Talking to Men About PSA Testing 
Documenting the Ebola epidemic in Liberia 
Ebola Death Toll in West Africa Tops 1,200 
The New Old Age Blog: California Court Limits Caregiver Suits 
Pradaxa has been far from the boon everyone expected. 
Thoughts from a “top dentist,” reflections on what fish are OK to eat and other letters from readers. 
Studies in New Zealand and Canada have found that marijuana use in the teenage years can result in lost I.Q. points. 
Council Speaker, on Twitter, Says She Has Infection Linked to Cervical Cancer 
The American missionaries fighting Ebola are both on the mend. 
Adaptive Climbing Group Trains Amputees at Brooklyn Boulders 
Daru Journal: Surviving Ebola, but Untouchable Back Home 
RT @celiadugger: Drs @ Emory learning a lot about helping Ebola patients survive by treating 2 Americans,   
It turns out that it’s not that difficult to find a broker who trades in human organs. 
As marijuana becomes legal in more states, what do you tell the kids? 
Q&amp;A: White-Noise Nights 
Observatory: Now a Weed, Once a Prehistoric Cavity Fighter 
Well: Weighing Pradaxa’s Risks 
Reactions: Ebola, Nurses for Africa, Seafood Apps, a Doctor’s Honor 
Well: Legal Marijuana For Parents, But Not Their Kids 
Many hospitals in Liberia have shut down because patients fear contracting Ebola at them. 
People who are good at planning their financial future are more prone to take steps to improve their physical health. 
A relatively new Irish law allows for abortion in limited circumstances. 
Two American missionaries are providing a rare opportunity to study Ebola with extensive testing.  
"Aside from the six-figure price tag, what was striking was just how easy it was for Ophira Dorin to buy a kidney. "
The first rule of CrossFit — always talk about CrossFit. 
Well: Struggling to the Finish: An Insider’s Guide to CrossFit 
RT @cslnyt: The two #Ebola patients at Emory offer a rare chance to study the virus  @nytDeniseGrady @emoryhealthcare
An alopecia drug that seems to help patients regrow hair. The results:  
Chard and Sweet Corn Tacos  
RT @_nicolaclark: WHO urges Ebola affected countries to conduct exit screening of all people at airports, seaports&amp;major land crossings htt…
RT @rcallimachi: Need to buy a kidney? Head to Israel. On how Israeli brokers r delivering kidneys from S American donors to the ill http:/…
RT @UpshotNYT: New research raises complicated questions about the value of an alternative to traditional Medicare. 
RT @celiadugger: Like cholera, Ebola can cause severe, deadly diarrhea, @nytDeniseGrady repts. Replentishing fluids essential. 
RT @tminsberg: The ‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ has raised $13.3 million for the ALS Association 
What you need to know about the Ebola outbreak  
Israel has an irrepressible underground kidney market 
Well: Picking Apart Objections to Eating Fish 
‘Ice Bucket Challenge’ Has Raised Millions for ALS Association 
Case in Which Abortion Was Denied Reignites Controversy Over Irish Law 
Every doctor’s expertise is earned on patients, but unfortunately, there is a learning curve 
Treatment in U.S. Is Rare Chance to Study Ebola 
A clash of religion and bioethics complicates organ donation in Israel  
How some modern technologies may help in the fight to contain the Ebola virus 
Regular exercise may alter how a person experiences pain, according to a new study 
Contributing Op-Ed Writer: My Life in Bicycles 
If you're basking in the sun today, you may be helping ward off Alzheimer’s 
New, Larger Ebola Center Opens in Liberia 
It was costly, but strikingly easy to buy a kidney  
The rise of beefcake yoga (Photo: Amy Lombard for NYT)  
Alopecia Patients in Study Grow Hair With New Drug 
How widespread is the sexual harassment of women in science? 
You asked, we answered: What's the best way to use a heart rate monitor to get fit? 
What you need to know about the Ebola outbreak  
We need a more balanced sense of why exercise and athletics matter  via @nytopinion
About to brush your teeth, but unsure if it's the best way? You are not alone.  
Have a pressing health question? Submit yours here and vote on what should be answered next. 
Since the outbreak started, many rumored cures have swept West Africa -- including “blessed Ebola cure salt.” 
Opinion: Cancer and the Secrets of Your Genes 
Catching up on Ebola news? This is where you'll find all our coverage: 
Medicare to Start Paying Doctors Who Coordinate Needs of Chronically Ill Patients  
With Aid Doctors Gone, Ebola Fight Grows Harder 
Disappointed by your running group? You are not alone.  
Video: How technology can help fight Ebola. 
As you're basking in the sun this weekend, you may be helping ward off Alzheimer’s  and other forms of dementia. 
RT @paula_span: A rehab program for drug &amp; alcohol abuse -- in a nursing home. Addicted seniors need treatment too. 
Not sure what to make for that dinner party tonight? Try this.  
RT @celiadugger: Nigeria, at Africa's crossroads, in crash effort to wipe out Ebola before it gets out of control in slums of Lagos. http:/…
RT @cslnyt: New Vaccine Shows Promise Against Mosquito-Borne Virus chikungunya  
The C.D.C. says “moon suits” for Ebola are not necessary. 
Bogus Ebola cures cause confusion. 
Applied Science: Your 401(k) Is Healthy. So Maybe You Are, Too. 
Three Liberian Health Workers Get Experimental Ebola Drug 
Too busy to workout. Let’s not forget about the scientific 7 minute workout. 
Agencies Issue Warnings Over Bogus Ebola Cures 
Global Update: New Vaccine Shows Promise Against Mosquito-Borne Virus 
briefing: Drug Is Approved as Treatment for Cervical Cancer 
Hospitals in the U.S. Get Ready for Ebola 
With Ebola Cases Still Few, Populous Nigeria Has Chance to Halt Its Outbreak 
Op-Ed Contributor: Depression Can Be Treated, but It Takes Competence 
If you needed a kidney would you break the law to get one? Coming Sunday from @ksacknyt in @nytimes. #organtrafficking
“If we don’t stabilize Liberia, we will never stabilize the whole region,” one doctor warned. 
Athletes from some west African countries faced with Ebola have been banned from competing in the Youth Olympics. 
Contractors Faulted as Medicare Fraud Foils Enforcers 
Ebola Epidemic Most Likely Much Larger Than Reported, W.H.O. Says 
RT @sangerkatz: Great, frustrating story on why Medicare struggles to stop fraud, from @ReedAbelson and @EricLichtblau 
RT @ksacknyt: Black market or free market? Should organ sales be legalized? Would it end the kidney shortage? Coming Sun. in @nytimes. #org…
The New Old Age Blog: The Addict Down the Hall 
Well: Cool Summer Fish 
RT @jimgorman: Must-read if you follow epigenetics. Society: Don't blame the mothers 
ArtsBeat: Robin Williams Had Parkinson’s Disease, His Widow Says 
Well: Best Way to Brush Your Teeth? Experts Disagree 
How does Parkinson’s disease — which Robin Williams had -- affect the body and family? Some patients voices.  
Robin Williams Had Parkinson’s Disease, His Widow Says 
RT @cslnyt: Gorgeous essay abt daughter and her father, who has Alzheimer's  @RebeccaRotert
Well: Ask Well: How Do You Use a Heart Rate Monitor? 
Pharmacies Turn Drugs Into Profits, Pitting Insurers vs. Compounders 
RT @paula_span: What really prevents suicide? A good round-up (inc. the "British coal-gas story") from @NYTmag 
RT @celiadugger: Starbucks changes worker scheduling in response to Kantor story about how policies devastated a single mom's life. 
RT @sangerkatz: .@CDCgov study says soda drinking in South may be higher because there is more advertising of sugary drinks there. 
Low vitamin D is associated with an increased risk for Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia,  
Well: Vitamin D Tied to Alzheimer’s Risk 
That morning coffee buzz may help reduce a buzz of another sort. 
RT @paula_span: Nursing homes without nurses? RNs required only 8 hrs a day. Proposed legislation would require them 24/7. 
Mental illness is not a communicable disease, but there’s a strong body of evidence that suicide is contagious.  
RT @celiadugger: Sierra Leone loses yet another precious dr to Ebola as Liberia uses experimental drug to treat one if its own. 
In cased you missed @nytopinion on the health effects of marijuana.  and trippy timeline 
Well: The Downside of Running With Others 
Business Briefing: The F.D.A. Approves a Pill to Help People Stay Asleep 
Mary MacCracken, Who Wrote About Disabilities, Dies at 88 
As Ebola’s Toll Rises, Drug Makers Race to Test Medicines 
Sierra Leone Again Loses a Top Doctor to Ebola 
Well: Practicing on Patients 
Your question answered: Does yoga build strength? 
Study: Regular exercise may alter how a person experiences pain 
More pain, more gain … and less pain later. 
An easy, delicate fish carpaccio (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
Well: Caffeine May Reduce Tinnitus Risk 
Nursing homes are missing a critical element: nurses. 
This is what a 3-d brain made from silk and collagen gel looks like.   
The New Old Age Blog: Where Are the Nurses? 
Regular exercise may alter how a person experiences pain, according to a new study. 
RT @celiadugger: MSF &amp;  WHO team decided not to give experimental drug to dr leading effort in Sierra Leone who died days later. 
RT @bcsolomon: I am doing an AMA interview for @reddit about covering the #EbolaOutbreak here in #SierraLeone tomorrow at 1 p.m. eastern ti…
A very few neurons may turn appetite on and off 
Well: How Exercise Helps Us Tolerate Pain 
World Briefing: Mexico: Mining Spill Pollutes River 
Busy Working, Robin Williams Fought Demons 
Over 300,000 Must Prove Eligibility or Lose Health Care 
Opting Against Ebola Drug for Ill African Doctor  
Using a Tactic Unseen in a Century, Countries Cordon Off Ebola-Racked Areas 
What you need to know about the Ebola outbreak  
How widespread is the sexual harassment of women in science? 
The absence of a gene may help fight Alzheimer’s 
Op-Ed Contributors: Perpetuating Schizophrenia’s Stigma 
Cook a peck of peppers (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
A man with a rare genetic condition could be the key to solving the Alzheimer’s riddle. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: A Witness to Ebola’s Discovery: the electron micrograph "raised the hair on the back of my neck."  
Medicaid rolls are growing even in states that rejected federal funds 
Well: A New Surgery Risk 
RT @cslnyt: This fall, Botswana’s new school of medicine will graduate its 1st class of 36 docs. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: World Health Organization Endorses Use of Experimental Ebola Drugs. But who will get them if not enough to go around? h…
RT @celiadugger: WHO endorses experimental Ebola treatments, but there's no more of the drug used so far, says its maker. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Families wiped out by Ebola: At Heart of Ebola Outbreak, a Village Frozen by Fear and Death 
What you need to know about the Ebola outbreak  
RT @ginakolata: Wrote a very short essay-like book for the Times. How to avoid making mistakes with your health https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/smart-patient-mistakes-we/id907200112?mt=11
Recipes for Health: Cold Steamed Petrale Sole with Uncooked Tomato Sauce 
Robin Williams’ suicide was influenced by his mental illness, but his comedic genius was not, argues @sbkaufman  
RT @jonathanweisman: Adam Nossiter is nuts but his bravery &amp; willingness to travel into the heart of the Ebola epidemic enriches us all htt…
RT @paula_span: Maybe a transitions coach can help keep older people from bouncing back into hospitals.  
RT @PamBelluck: Scientists Create a 3-D Model That Mimics Brain Function 
RT @bcsolomon: Back in #Freetown #SierraLeone 4 a few days. Most bars and restaurants are shut. Many of the western organizations have left…
RT @jswatz: vivid on-the-ground Ebola reporting by Adam Nossiter: "There are still people here, but the village appears frozen." 
RT @nytrosenthal: Love this, from @nytimeswell on doctor and hospital rating systems! One "top doc" was dead for 16 yrs. 
Giants Join Ice Bucket Challenge to Raise Awareness for A.L.S. 
At Heart of Ebola Outbreak, a Village Frozen by Fear and Death 
Hard Cases: Top Doctors, Dead or Alive 
Global Health: Africa, With U.S. Help, Graduates More Doctors 
RT @rickgladstone: In test case of ISIS willingness to allow child vaccinations, @UNICEF and WHO start a new polio campaign in Iraq. http:/…
Reactions: A Pat on the Bacteria, Hubble Led the Way, Larger Than Life 
Don’t read this if you are on vacation. Instead, sign off now. 
Well: Absence of Gene May Help Fight Alzheimer’s, Study Finds 
RT @nytimesscience: Scientists Create 3D Model That Mimics Brain Function 
RT @carlzimmer: I offered a few thoughts on Ebola for @NYTNow 
Well: New Concerns About an Old Heart Drug 
Amid Iraq’s Chaos, a New Polio Vaccination Campaign 
Is farmed salmon really so bad? An exploration of fishy shopping quandaries: 
The New Old Age Blog: Clearing the Path Home 
MT @sangerkatz: There's no treatment or vaccine for Guinea worm. But worldwide eradication close. 
Recipes for Health: Cold Poached Pacific Cod with Spices 
Well: Statins Don’t Require Routine Liver Tests 
Well: Aspirin May Cut Cancer Risk 
RT @UpshotNYT: What we can learn from the low-tech defeat of the guinea worm. 
RT @celiadugger: Ebola goes viral on Twitter. Why do some topics -- shark attacks, dread diseases - become social contagions of fear? http:…
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Want to know where Ebola started &amp; why it's so hard to stop? Read @nytDeniseGrady &amp; @sherifink  
Doctors can no longer put up smiling baby pictures on their office walls.  
Well: Relearning How to Eat Fish 
Ebola May Pose Little Threat to U.S., but It Looms Large on Twitter 
A Mother Lifts Her Son, Slowly, From Heroin’s Abyss 
MT @jimdao: Jim Frederick, a talented reporter who wrote about about one platoon's descent into insanity has died.  
RT @lpolgreen: Who should get experimental Ebola serum? Not as easy to answer as you’d think. 
The Working Life: Fighting Deadly Diseases Without Breaking a Sweat 
Nigeria Struggles to Cope With Ebola Outbreak 
RT @kerrimac: His mother &amp; sister are Ebola patients. Last week, he was, too. The rest of the family not as lucky: 
Baby Pictures at Doctor’s? Cute, Sure, but Illegal 
J. W. Hastings, 87, a Pioneer in Bioluminescence Research, Dies 
A Witness to Ebola’s Discovery 
Tracing Ebola’s Breakout to an African 2-Year-Old 
MT @celiadugger: WHO declares health emergency over Ebola outbreak. MSF criticizes effort so far as slow.  
RT @cslnyt: "You go to wards and there are no patients" - Kenema, Sierra Leone #ebolaoutbreak  
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Vivid Ebola story and wrenching video from Sierra Leone. 'Don't Touch The Walls' 
Neighborhood Joint A Front Line Against Ebola Runs Through Newark’s Terminal B 
U.N. Agency Calls Ebola Outbreak an International Health Emergency 
29 States Seek Tighter E-Cigarette Regulations 
Out-of-State Clinic Is Central in Texas Abortion Law Fight 
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Disheartening view from the heart of the Ebola outbreak by @nytimes Adam Nossiter &amp; @bcsolomon  
MT @lpolgreen: “Don’t touch the walls!” Chilling dispatch from a hospital in Sierra Leone.  
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Losing It Solved! 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: In Ebola Outbreak, Who Should Get Experimental Drug? 
RT @ReedAbelson: See fascinating @RachelAbramsNY piece: Walmart Seeking Foothold in Primary Care Services  More than …
RT @bcsolomon: Examination tent at #kenema hospital. #ebola patients are identified in this hot, sweaty tent. A dangerous place. 
Is yoga enough to be one’s sole exercise? Probably not. 
MT @bcsolomon: Latest video: A small hospital struggles to cope with the largest Ebola outbreak in history. 
Well: Cook a Peck of Peppers 
RT @nytimesscience: Second drug is allowed for treatment of Ebola 
The Ethicist: Compassionate Capital Punishment 
Lives: ‘The Driver Just Didn’t See You’ 
RT @fedira: Here's the key part of @WHO's declaration of #Ebola emergency.   
RT @jimdao: Why does PTSD persist? Read this story and then register your thoughts  
RT @nytDeniseGrady: International response to Ebola "a failure": Global Efforts to Contain It Draw Criticism at Congress Hearing 
RT @celiadugger: "From this illness I am not comedy anymore. I am tragedy, very tragedy." From man who lost 16 relatives to Ebola. 
RT @carlzimmer: “'This is a dangerous place,'” said Mr. Moens, adding that he washed his hands 50 times a day" @nytimes Ebola report: http:…
RT @bcsolomon: Erison is a 22 yr old #ebola survivor. 16 of his family members died. His mom &amp; sister are fighting to survive. 
RT @heathertal: A tarp is all that separates a man from his mother, sick with Ebola. Incredible video from Sierra Leone by @bcsolomon http:…
RT @nycscribe: Who should be the guinea pigs for the experimental Ebola drug? Trickier than it seems. 
In Ebola Outbreak, Who Should Get Experimental Drug? 
In Ambitious Bid, Walmart Seeks Foothold in Primary Care Services 
Combat Stress Among Veterans Is Found to Persist Since Vietnam 
U.S. and Global Efforts to Contain Ebola Draw Criticism at Congressional Hearing 
Second Drug Is Allowed for Treatment of Ebola 
‘Don’t Touch the Walls’: Ebola Fears Infect an African Hospital 
Well: Ask Well: Does Yoga Build Strength? 
RT @celiadugger: If you were born after 1957 be sure you got inoculated against measles.  
RT @nickconfessore: From the desk of @deanbaquet: The NYT will now call torture torture. 
Losing Cost Control: Why the Hepatitis Cure Sovaldi Is a Budgetary Disaster for Prisons 
RT @davjolly: Big Tobacco's fingerprints? The laughable cost-benefit "analysis" of the FDA's new smoking rules 
Well: Living With Cancer: Difficult Choices 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: The experimental Ebola drug given two 2 Americans: can it, should it, be used in Africa? 
RT @cslnyt: Judith of NM says why question water use for growing Calif pot. "What about swimming pools and lawns?"  
The head nurse at Emory argues why it was smart to bring Ebola to the U.S. 
From CDC Director MT @DrFriedenCDC: We know how to stop Ebola from spreading w/ basic epi &amp; response: find disease, isolate patients ...
RT @sangerkatz: It's not just insurers and Medicaid directors that are scared about the costs of treating hepatitis C. So are prisons http:…
RT @jswatz: “Same-sex couples cannot procreate,” says lawyer fighting same-sex marriage at 6th Circuit  @eckholm  
There were signs that efforts to increase production of the "secret serum” for Ebola were beginning.  
Two Americans infected with Ebola in West Africa, appear to be responding to an experimental medicine. 
A 55-year-old man loses the hair on his legs and then loses his strength. Can you figure out why? 
RT @celiadugger: Man at nyc hosp tests neg for Ebola as disease toll grows in Nigeria &amp; WHO considers declaring intl hlth emergency.  http:…
RT @jimdao: There is something breathtaking, as it were, about the logic of this happy addiction versus lung cancer calculus 
RT @cslnyt: Ethicists will discuss who should get experimental treatment for #ebola 
RT @UpshotNYT: The $1000-a-pill Hep C cure is a budgetary disaster for prisons. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Experimental #Ebola treatment: something good from tobacco plants. 
Jesse L. Steinfeld, Surgeon General and Tobacco Foe, Dies at 87 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Losing It 
An Obscure Biotech Firm Hurries Ebola Treatment 
New York Patient Tests Negative for Ebola 
Well: Prostate Cancer Screening Still Not Recommended for All 
Study Confirms Third Gene as Strong Indicator of Breast Cancer Risk 
RT @GretchenReynold: Best race pacing uses yin and yang Women Pace Marathons Better Than Men Do 
What Are the Chances of Getting Ebola in the United States? Extremely small. 
RT @rickgladstone: W.H.O. Weighing Emergency Decree on Ebola 
Quitting smoking benefits are being officially weighed against the loss of pleasure: @stavernise 
Pleasure Factor May Override New Tobacco Rules 
Tanzania’s president: too often “the whole of the African continent is perceived as if everywhere, everybody is suffering from Ebola.”
President Macky Sall of SenegalI: "It is necessary to confront Ebola as a threat to humanity.” 
Diabetics in low-income neighborhoods are about 10 times as likely to have an amputation as those in affluent areas. 
Well: Disparities in Diabetes 
RT @UpshotNYT: The hepatitis C drug Sovaldi is $1000/pill. Sounds pricey, but what about other drugs on the market? 
The UN is amid a 2-day emergency meeting to determine whether the Ebola outbreak is a public health emergency of international concern.
RT @MonkovicNYT: Solvadi, a drug that's hugely popular but also hugely expensive, is worrying insurers and state officials. 
During marathons, women pace themselves more evenly than male competitors do. 
The New Health Care: Why the Price of Sovaldi Is a Shock to the System 
Bush Urges Renewed Fight Against Deadly Diseases in Africa 
The president-elect of the American College of Cardiology advises his patients to go vegan, setting off a firestorm.  
Well: Advice From a Vegan Cardiologist 
Sierra Leone Deploys Troops in Ebola Crisis 
David Wilson's Retirement From N.F.L. Raises Injury Awareness 
Well: Women Pace Marathons Better Than Men Do 
Report critiques public financing of physician training. 
A new study suggests that Americans are much smarter health care consumers than previously assumed. 
Mini sweet peppers have begun to proliferate in supermarkets. Here is what you do with them:  
RT @ReedAbelson: States That Embraced Health Law Show Biggest Gains in Reducing Uninsured  via @UpshotNYT @sangerkatz…
The physician training system, heavily subsidized by the federal government, cannot account for billions of dollars. 
Tests like M.R.I.s can varying by a factor of 10 even in the same city -- but patients have no idea. 
RT @ReedAbelson: New report  confirms our story on lack of insurance competition in rural markets 
RT @nytrosenthal: New study in Health Affairs show patients can be good shoppers. 
Recipes for Health: Mini Bell Peppers Stuffed with Goat Cheese 
Well: Why We Should Know the Price of Medical Tests 
Want to make sure you don’t miss an important story about Ebola or autism. Sign up for our weekly newsletter: 
Doctor and Patient: Throwing Money at the Past 
RT @paula_span: What's propelling the supposed return of the multigenerational household? 
National Briefing Abortion Providers in Texas Press Judge to Block Portions of New Law 
Lax Quarantine Undercuts Ebola Fight in Africa 
Well: Feeling as if I Failed the Patient 
Observatory: A Look at How We Process Painful Experiences 
Patient at Mount Sinai Has Ebola-Like Symptoms, Hospital Says 
RT @PamBelluck: Smart piece by @charlesornstein on  the drug Acthar.  
Global Health: A Key Malaria Drug Becomes Less Effective 
Q&amp;A:  A Nose for Their Favorite Foods 
Alabama’s Requirement for Abortion Clinic Doctors Is Ruled Unconstitutional 
A tiny part of the brain keeps track of painful experiences — a finding that could help treat depression. 
RT @celiadugger: Man at Mount Sinai in NYC w/Ebola-like symptoms isolated. Hospital wouldn't say when it will get test results. 
The Toledo mayor says the water is safe, but algae blooms have left some residents scared of the tap.  
A look at the personal challenges of counseling fellow residents of the Gaza Strip. 
Dollars for Prescribers: Top Medicare Prescribers for Acthar Have Links to Its Maker 
Losing Cost Control : The Obscure Drug With a Growing Medicare Tab 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: An American brought Marburg--a lot like #Ebola--to the U.S. in 2008. Nobody knew. Nobody caught it. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Making medical education shorter--without killing patients. 
RT @MarthaRShulman: Tunisian Grilled Peppers and Tomatoes with Couscous   Peppers all week on #RecipesforHealth. A pe…
The New Old Age Blog: Who’s Moving In Now? 
Lifting Ban, Toledo Says Its Water Is Safe to Drink Again 
Recipes for Health: Tunisian Grilled Peppers and Tomatoes with Couscous 
In Fatal Flash, Gaza Psychologist Switches Roles, Turning Into a Trauma Victim 
Nascar Drivers Have Little Help With Concussions 
Well: Picking Nursing Home Shouldn’t Be Trial and Error 
Op-Ed Contributor: Adventures in ‘Prior Authorization’ 
In New Jersey, a Push to Put Paid Sick Leave on the Ballot  
Tap Water Ban Continues for Toledo Residents 
Introducing the ASMR stars of Youtube -- a niche where soothing sounds win. @_Waterwhispers_  @GentleWhisperin 
Newly Insured by Health Law, Millions Face a Learning Curve 
American Doctor With Ebola Arrives in U.S. for Treatment 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: W.H.O. Says Outbreak of Ebola Virus Is Outpacing Control Efforts 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: What You Need to Know About the Ebola Outbreak 
RT @MarthaRShulman: Watermelon &amp; Tomato Salsa   Good for this hot week-end.
Salsas that can turn the simplest BBQ or quesadilla into something spectacular.  
California Asks: Should Doctors Face Drug Tests? 
Need help relaxing as you finish up the work day? Watch this video. It may put you to sleep … in a good way.  #ASMR
RT @nytDeniseGrady: As Ebola worsens, Africans struggle and Americans are advised to stay away. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Americans with Ebola being brought home from Liberia.  (from @StateDept)
Something to keep in mind this weekend: running for as little as five minutes a day can make a huge difference. 
RT @cslnyt: "You pays your money and you takes your chances" - a doctor on Caribbean med schools @anemonanyc  
RT @paula_span: Always wondered about this. via @cslnyt Do Caribbean med schools deserve their underdog reputation? @anemonanyc 
RT @celiadugger: Two American aid workers infected with Ebola expected back in the US early next wk. One will go to Emory. 
RT @paula_span: Seniors and suicide -- not always depression. @judith_graham explains new geripsych research. 
The New Old Age Blog: Many Problems Lead to Thoughts of Suicide, Study Finds 
Well: Fresh and Fruity Salsas 
W.H.O. Says Outbreak of Ebola Virus Is Outpacing Control Efforts 
What remaining questions do you have have about Ebola? Tweet at us.  
West Africa consists of 16 countries. The Ebola outbreak — though biggest on record — has touched 4 countries so far. 
No, you can’t breathe in the Ebola virus and answers to other questions about the outbreak. 
Effort to Develop Ebola Vaccine to Test on Humans Is Put on Fast Track 
RT @celiadugger: W.H.O. DG Margaret Chan says Ebola outbreak catastrophic in lives lost if not brought under control. Efforts 
Well: Ask Well: Do I Need a Measles Shot? 
Well: The Joy of Becoming a Veterinarian 
Work to Bolster Health Website Is Raising Cost, Officials Say  
New Rules Say Poultry Plants Can Conduct Own Checks 
French Families Challenge Doctors on Wrenching End-of-Life Decisions 
RT @deborahblum: A Toxic Menagerie: In which I interview @theleechguy for my Poison Pen column in @nytimeshealth 
Well: A Toxic Menagerie 
RT @celiadugger: Read this unbearably sad 2001 story by @blaineharden about the valiant Ugandan dr who gave his life fighting Ebola. http:/…
Sierra Leone Declares Health Emergency Over Ebola 
Well: Feeling as if I Failed the Patient 
RT @deborahblum: Food writer Ruth Reichl takes on the FDA for failure to protect our food:  
Well: Statins May Speed Wound Healing 
World Briefing: Peace Corps Pulls 340 Volunteers as 2 Are Isolated for Ebola Exposure 
Well: Bothered by a ‘Gummy Smile’ 
Osteopathic schools are turning out nearly a third of all med school grads  
How the Internet puts you to sleep 
Are you a female soldier or veteran? We'd like to hear from you
Running for as little as five minutes a day has long lasting benefits 
5 summer tomato recipes (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
Weak handshakes are often frowned upon, but they may be healthier than firm ones 
West Africa is fighting what has become the largest Ebola outbreak ever recorded. Our coverage. 
The sale of athletic apparel has exploded in the past few years 
RT @paula_span: More on sedatives, Ambien, older folks, insomnia, falls and emergency room visits. Be careful.  #benz…
Osteopathic schools are turning out nearly a third of all med school grads  
Well: The Upside of a Wimpy Handshake 
The long-term use of some sleeping pills may be hazardous for older adults 
These days, coconut water's big rival may be plain old water 
The New Old Age Blog: More on Sleeping Pills and Older Adults 
Well: Running 5 Minutes a Day Has Long-Lasting Benefits 
Judges Block Abortion Curb in Mississippi 
Surgeon General Calls for Action to Reduce Skin Cancer Rate 
More than 2.6 million videos on YouTube are designed to trigger a little-known phenomenon called A.S.M.R. 
Why Ebola patients are rejecting care 
How to make the ultimate veggie burger (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
Q: Is weight loss truly greater  when exercising at moderate versus more intense levels? A: 
Are you a female veteran? Has the return to civilian life been hard? We want to hear from you. 
The New Health Care: Do You Own a Gun? In Florida, Doctors Can’t Ask You That 
How loneliness can make you sick — and might even kill you  via @nytopinion
ASMR is widely popular on the web, but what does science have to say about it? 
RT @cslnyt: Feeling anxious? How to reduce stress as a parent of an autistic child 
RT @celiadugger: Two drs cared for 55 people w/Ebola in Sierra Leone after nurses walked out, on the frontlines of an epidemic. 
Almost a Third of All Med School Grads Are Osteopaths 
Do you burn more calories if you exercise intensely rather than moderately? 
The New Health Care: Why Health Insurance Plans With Narrow Networks Are Here to Stay 
Short Staff Tries to Cope With Ebola 
The Scan: Into the Abyss, Music to Remember, Burning Man Planetarium, Intricate Insects 
When the Caregivers Need Healing 
Reactions: Watched While Sleeping, What We Don’t Know, Jealous Dogs 
Well: Rustle, Tingle, Relax: The Compelling World of A.S.M.R. 
Well: Ask Well: Exercise and Weight Loss 
Well: Statins Tied to Lower Risk of Barrett’s Esophagus 
Books: Book Review: ‘The Norm Chronicles’ 
The New Health Care: The Problem With 'Pay for Performance' in Medicine 
Well: Probiotics May Reduce Blood Pressure 
The New Old Age Blog: A New Resource About Parkinson’s 
Recipes for Health: Roasted Corn and Tomato Salsa 
Well: Nursing Home Unthinkable? Be Prepared in Case It’s Inevitable 
Pregnancy for Pay: A Surrogacy Agency That Delivered Heartache 
Groups Press State to Ban Poisons That Kill Wildlife 
Lawmakers Reach Deal on a Fix for V.A.’s Health Care System 
DealBook: Equinox Fitness Is Buying Rest of Millennium’s Gyms 
Balancing Special-Education Needs With Rising Costs  
Fear of Ebola Breeds a Terror of Physicians 
Hold the Regret? Fast Food Seeks Virtuous Side  
Death in the Peace Corps: A Trail of Medical Missteps 
Sunday Routine: Mark Fisher: A Day Away From the Ninjas 
RT @paula_span: Social Security credit for the yrs caregivers can't work fulltime? Or at all? Rep. @NitaLowey introduces legislation. http:…
RT @paula_span: Moving essay and video by @MartinSmithEdit, about living far from aging parents. 
RT @damiencave: Heartbreaking story of a Peace Corps volunteer who died jn China from @sherylstolberg 
Well: Tomatoes All Summer Long 
Well: Best Time of Day for a Testosterone Test 
The New Old Age Blog: Addressing Caregivers’ Loss of Retirement Income 
RT @celiadugger: Photographers with mental illness shoot images that evoke their inner states. Slide show worth a look. 
C.D.C. Says Tuberculosis Lab, Shut Amid Exposure Scare, Can Continue Its Work 
Advertising: Hard-to-Watch Commercials to Make Quitting Smoking Easier 
"I feel like they don’t want either of us around and just wish we would go away.” On having a kid with a disability:  
Using photography to fight off anxiety and depression: 
RT @abbygoodnough: Would people keep their health insurance w/o federal subsidies to help w/cost? "No way," says one. Other voices here: ht…
Acetaminophen does nothing for lower back pain, research shows.  
A workout video from a doctor who believes that exercise is the best medicine.  
Well: The Workout: Practicing His Own Medicine 
RT @jtaylornyt: Worth rereading this in light of latest botched execution. Dodgy drug cocktails are not necessary: 
"Before the visit, I had been split in two not by fear of death but by dread of dying.” A hospice tour:  
Well: Seeing the Child, Not the Disability 
Well: Living With Cancer: A Tour of Hospice 
RT @celiadugger: After yet another botched execution, why do states still use problematic drug cocktails? Read @nytdenisegrady.  
Well: Photography as a Balm for Mental Illness 
Court Ruling on Health Care Subsidies Risks Loss of Coverage 
Well: Acetaminophen No Better Than Placebo for Back Pain 
RT @GretchenReynold: I'm of the noodly-arms school How Our Arms Help Us Run 
The New Old Age Blog: Stealing a Page From the Boomers’ Playbook 
Even if not as complex and twisted as the adult human form, dogs can be jealous. 
Leader of Lab That Had Anthrax Accident Resigns 
Officials Focus on E-Cigarette Ads Aimed at Youths 
World Briefing: U.N. Warns of Polio Risk in War Zones 
Well: How Our Arms Help Us Run 
Investigators Detail Missteps in Verification for Health Care 
World Briefing: China: Plague Isolates Parts of City 
U.S. Military Is Scrutinized Over Trash Burning in Afghanistan 
Alex Torres Stands Alone Wearing Safer Isoblox Hat 
Economic Scene: A Dearth in Innovation for Key Drugs 
How many Americans are lesbian, gay or bisexual? 
RT @MarthaRShulman: Whole Wheat Focaccia with Tomatoes and Fontina   So good I'm making it again today
Niger, by some measures the poorest country in the world, also has its highest birthrate 
Health Policy Perspective: Rulings on Health Law Are Far From Last Word 
Courts Issue Conflicting Rulings on Health Care Law 
Someone has made a $650 million private donation for psychiatric research 
A sleep apnea test without a night in the hospital 
Credibility Among Gay Men Gives Leverage to New York City’s New Chief of H.I.V. Prevention 
Fresh Concerns About a Hysterectomy Procedure Linked to Cancer Spread 
The New Old Age Blog: An ‘Emotional Burden’ Rarely Discussed 
Hospital Agrees to Pay $190 Million Over Recording of Pelvic Exams 
Only 0.7% identified as bisexual in new study. 1.6% as gay/lesbian. @JanHoffmanNYT 
Books: 'Proof' Drinks in the Science of Alcohol 
Reactions: Doctor Apologies, Contraceptives and H.I.V., Dosing Dangers, Mystery of Leprosy 
Well: A Sleep Apnea Test Without a Night in the Hospital 
Well: How Many Americans Are Lesbian, Gay or Bisexual? 
Salty, sweet, sour, bitter and fatty? A number of categories are competing for entry into the exclusive taste club. 
Well: A Budding Club of Tastes 
RT @MarthaRShulman: Easy Ways to Get More Vegetables on the Table, More Often   Last piece in this fun series on #Mot…
A Good Appetite: The Ultimate Veggie Burger 
Thinking about doing a half-marathon? Here are some options. Now is the time to sign up. 
RT @nytimesscience: Watch 100,000 cells of a developing embryo move, shift and shuffle in living color. 
Op-Ed: "There is no more wasteful entity in medicine than a rushed doctor.” 
RT @palafo: “Welcome to Missouri, America’s Drugstore. We aren’t just allowing abuse, we’ve created a business model for dealers" 
A man realizes he is projecting his feelings about his mother onto his dog. 
Risotto with Tomatoes and Corn 
What’s the point of taking probiotics? 
Uncooked Tomato and Mint Sauce with Poached Eggs 
RT @cslnyt: Why is Missouri the only state to NOT have a prescription drug database? @alanschwarz 
Well: Probiotic Logic vs. Gut Feelings 
The New Health Care: Medicare Advantage Is Not Efficient, but It Can Be  
Before Albert J. Stunkard, few scientists had truly considered that some people are obese because of their genetics  
Dr. Albert J. Stunkard, Destigmatizer of Fat, Dies at 92 
Missouri Alone in Resisting Prescription Drug Database 
Yehuda Nir, a Psychiatrist and Holocaust Survivor, Dies at 84 
Jury Awards $23.6 Billion in Florida Smoking Case 
Pathogen Mishaps Rise as Regulators Stay Clear  
Doctor Accused of Overprescribing Pills Is Guilty of Manslaughter 
Passengers with a shared cause. Profiles of those headed to the AIDS Conference.  
Do you know an AIDS activist or someone else on #MH17? Help pay homage to those who died. 
RT @jtaylornyt: Any of you science writers attending/covering #AIDS2014 in Melbourne? If so, DM me, please.
MT @sargoll: A tragedy of war becomes a public health tragedy.  
RT @liamstack: "Leading AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 Crash" Such a tragedy.  
President Obama on AIDS researchers, advocates who died. “Important for us to lift them up and affirm their lives." 
“Condolences to all international health workers in this field of honest care and prevention.” From FB page for the AIDS conference.
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Joep Lange, AIDS researcher presumed dead in #mh17, in his own words on the disease. 
RT @croakeyblog: MT @jo_m_chandler: Global #AIDS researchers at Melbourne conference mourn colleagues lost in #MH17  …
RT @DoctorYasmin: How do we measure how much a person has done for humanity? People like Joep change the course of epidemics.
RT @DoctorYasmin: What a HUGE loss to the world. Just learned that dear friend, amazing father to 5 girls and veteran AIDS researcher Joep …
RT @heathertal: Dr. Joep Lange, the HIV researcher who died in the Malaysia Airlines  crash, sounds like an incredible man.  
The weekly health quiz. The daily recommended level of physical activity for teens is … 
Leading AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Airlines Crash 
Well: Stir-Fries With a Touch of Thai 
Matter: A Call to Fight Malaria One Mosquito at a Time by Altering DNA 
Well: A Vasectomy May Increase Prostate Cancer Risk 
2 in Florida Said to Catch Fever Found in Tropics 
RT @paula_span: For everyone who couldn't stomach "Amour": a non-depressing movie about old people. 
The New Old Age Blog: Warming Times in a Cold Land 
RT @deborahblum: What are the risks of nanoparticles in sunscreens? By me for @nytimeshealth. With a cool video!  
RT @MarthaRShulman: Stir-fried Rice With Amaranth or Red Chard and Thai Basil  Another great summer #stir-fry on #Rec…
Ask Well: Is Your Sunscreen Safe? 
RT @UpshotNYT: Health spending is slowing in a lot of other countries too. Should we rethink our assumptions?  http:/…
Well: Ask Well: Nanoparticles in Sunscreens 
Do you get our weekly health newsletter? Sign up here 
Well: The CPR We Don’t See on TV 
The Weird, Scary and Ingenious Brain of Maria Bamford 
Riff: Is Your Relationship With Fido on the Rocks? 
RT @celiadugger: Pig's heart, lot like human's, injected with a gene that made heartbeat regular, tho only for days, scientists rept. http:…
Feeling guilty about keeping your aircon on at night? Research hints that a cooler bedroom could mean better sleep. 
You can almost effortlessly tweak your metabolic health by lower the bedroom thermostat 
Well: Let’s Cool It in the Bedroom 
Well: A Family Plot 
C.D.C. Director Admits to Pattern of Unsafe Practices 
V.A. Official Says Fixing Issues at Root of Waiting-List Scandal Will Cost Billions 
Is Truvada, the pill to prevent H.I.V., 99 percent effective? Don’t be so sure 
Gene therapy may one day be an alternative to electronic pacemakers 
Next to sunscreen, your smartphone may be the best thing to help you avoid a sunburn 
Weather may not affect back pain after all 
RT @David_Dobbs: How the Tobacco Industry Shaped the Science of Stress 
RT @albertsun: Still no pill that treats cardiovascular disease, etc as well as lifestyle change 
Well: 3 Things to Know About Niacin and Heart Health 
Family That Owns Hobby Lobby Plans Bible Museum in Washington 
App Smart: Have Your Time in the Sun, and Not a Minute Longer 
Calculating Risk: Is Truvada, the Pill to Prevent H.I.V., 99 Percent Effective? Don’t Be So Sure 
Gene Therapy Used to Create ‘Biological Pacemaker’ in Pigs 
RT @paula_span: We're going to be hearing more about stress reduction and "lifestyle modification" to prevent or delay dementia. 
The trainer of German soccer stars offers tips for the rest of us. 
Well: Weather May Not Affect Back Pain 
The case for a uniform unit for liquid medicines 
Recipes for Health: Stir-Fried Turkey Breast With Snap or Snow Peas and Chard 
The German players covered 71 miles on average as a team per game. Only the Americans ran more, says their trainer.  
Roche Reports Mixed Results in Trial of an Alzheimer’s Drug 
RT @nytimeswell: The case for a uniform unit for liquid medicines 
RT @cslnyt: The push for steadier shifts for part-time workers. I'd imagine there would be health benefits, too @greenhousenyt 
FIFA has taken a misguided approach to concussions in large part because of the sport's substitution rules 
Medicaid Home Care Cuts Are Unjust, Lawsuit Says 
Well: Train Like a German Soccer Star 
Op-Ed Contributor: The Benefits of Failing at French 
The New Smoke: E-Cigarette Makers Are in an Arms Race for Exotic Vapor Flavors 
At NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, Its Ex-C.E.O. Finds Lucrative Work  
Sports of The Times: World Cup 2014: Christoph Kramer’s Head Injury Brings FIFA’s Problem to the Forefront 
Study: Testosterone therapy does not extend the lives of early prostate cancer patients 
Living With Uncertainty: Expected Health Spending Declines — Again 
Novartis Joins With Google to Develop Contact Lens That Monitors Blood Sugar 
Death Toll From Ebola Surges in West Africa, Prompting Alarm 
Try this sweet stir-fry with Thai flavors (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
The New Old Age Blog: Small Changes, and Hopes, for Preventing Dementia 
Well: Stroke Rates Are Declining 
Readers ask: Can exercise cause headaches? 
Novartis joins with Google to develop a smart contact lens with the potential to monitor blood sugar levels 
Well: A Spoonful of Medicine May Put Children at Risk 
Little is known about the placenta, making it fertile territory for potential medical breakthroughs 
Corn, Squash, Red Onion and Tomatoes Stir-Fried in Coconut Oil 
Reactions: AIDS 'Cures,' Sharing Therapy Notes, Examining the Physical Exam  
RT @bydanielvictor: Six dangerous vials of the smallpox virus were just hanging out, unguarded, in a research lab since 1954 
Essay: The Advanced Metrics of Attraction 
The Doctor's World: Ticking Viral Bombs, Left in Boxes 
Real-Life Illness in a Virtual World 
Global Health: New Contraceptive Shot Being Released in Africa 
RT @cslnyt: Kids in India may be malnourished from lack of toilets, not food. Surprising story by @GardinerHarris  
The Push to Understand the Placenta 
Well: Saying Sorry, but for What? 
Well: Pelvic Exercises for Men, Too 
RT @markoff: Real-Life Illness in a Virtual World, via @nytimes  
Kegels for men. 
Well: Study Discounts Testosterone Therapy for Early Prostate Cancer 
Well: Drug Shows Promise for Common Cause of Infertility 
Books: In Defense of Indispensable Dad 
RT @GardinerHarris: Malnourished children may need toilets more than food. 
RT @lpolgreen: More stunning facts from @gardinerharris' sanitation story: one 1% of Chinese, 3% of Bangladeshis defecate outdoors. 50% of …
RT @lpolgreen: India spends $20 billion on food for the poor, and just $400 million on sanitation. Numbers should be reversed, experts say.
Well: Ask Well: Exercise and Headaches 
Recipes for Health: Stir-Fried Beans With Tofu and Chiles 
Well: We Are Our Bacteria 
After Lapses, C.D.C. Admits a Lax Culture at Labs 
RT @paula_span: Why do hospital visitors have to leave at 8 pm? An argument for unrestricted visiting -- even in  ICUs. 
RT @celiadugger: New meta-analysis of organic food finds less pesticide residues but can't settle ? of whether better for health. 
RT @cslnyt: Barcelona's Marijuana Clubs where some smoke for medical reasons @Suzannedaley  
RT @deborahblum: This is just so sad: How One College Handled a Sexual Assault Complaint 
RT @suleikajaouad: "People in pain seek both to describe their suffering and to give meaning to it" Great @nytimes read by Joanna Bourke ht…
Op-Ed Contributor: The Trouble With Brain Science 
Fertility Clinics Scan for the Strongest Embryo 
Business Briefing: Senators Query Hepatitis C Drug’s High Costs 
Study of Organic Crops Finds Fewer Pesticides and More Antioxidants  
Well: Doubts on Fasting Before Cholesterol Tests 
The New Old Age Blog: A Move to Extend Visiting Hours at Hospitals 
C.D.C. Closes Anthrax and Flu Labs After Accidents 
Innovation: Who Made That Ice Pack? 
Lives: My Mother’s Miracle-Water Cure 
A Medicine to Some: Don’t Laugh: Berkeley Plans to Give Free Marijuana to the Poor 
Well: These Fruits Were Made for Grilling 
Questcor Reveals Adverse Events Data for Acthar for First Time 
Barcelona Journal: Marijuana Clubs Rise Out of Decades-Old Spanish Laws 
RT @celiadugger: Sad news: the Mississippi baby thought to be cured of HIV now showing signs of infection.  
Signs of Infection Seen in Child Believed to Have Been Cured of H.I.V. 
Well: Living With Cancer: Parting Gifts 
The New Old Age Blog: Where Older People Are Gloomy About Their Health 
Possible Asbestos Risk at U.S. Capitol Building 
Well: A Headbanger’s Headache 
Well: The Physical Exam as Refuge 
Closing Arguments in Case of Doctor Accused of Overprescribing Drugs 
Health Insurers Are Trying New Payment Models, Study Shows 
A Survey Says: Newest Health Insurance Customers Are Generally Happy 
Race Is On to Profit From Rise of Urgent Care 
America’s young people, as a group, are becoming more out of shape with every passing year 
Drug-resistant tuberculosis is on the rise  via @nytopinion
Lettuce turnip the beet 
Europe Fines Servier in Pay-for-Delay Crackdown 
Staple closures are faster, but suture closures are safer after a C-section 
No, contraception coverage does not usually pay for itself 
The rapid price increases for some generic drugs have caught doctors and patients by surprise 
Well: Staples vs. Sutures After C-Section 
America’s young people, as a group, are becoming more out of shape with every passing year 
Probing Brain’s Depth, Trying to Aid Memory 
Well: This Is Our Youth 
Democrats Push Bill to Reverse Supreme Court Ruling on Contraceptives 
Using M.C.s and M.D.s to Promote Healthy Eating for Youths 
Six Vials of Smallpox Discovered in Laboratory Near Washington 
Excessive drinking is the fourth leading cause of preventable death in the United States 
Try this refreshing grilled watermelon and feta salad (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
Would you want to read your therapist's notes after each session? 
Vials of Smallpox Found in F.D.A. Storage Room 
Coming to the United States for a baby, and womb to carry it (Photo: Matt Rainey for NYT)  
RT @paula_span: How useful are five-star ratings Medicare awards for nursing homes? Ohio residents, families say: Not very. 
Long waits to get a doctor's appointment have become the norm in many parts of American medicine  via @nytopinion
The New Old Age Blog: The Fault in Our Stars 
RT @celiadugger: 1.5 million tons of flame retardants are used annually and get into everything from peanut butter to women's bodies. http:…
RT @dacorc: Fascinating, from @JanHoffmanNYT: What the Therapist Thinks About You 
Profiles in Science: A Billionaire Mathematician’s Life of Ferocious Curiosity 
RT @nytdining: .@Bittman is giving tofu the new look it deserves:  Photo: @esung 
Global Health: New Field Tests May Curb Kissing Bug Disease 
Well: What the Therapist Thinks About You 
RT @GabrielleGlaser: Some hopeful news. My latest on evidence-based treatment of substance abuse: A Different Path to Fighting Addiction ht…
RT @MarthaRShulman: Grilled Vanilla-Ginger Pineapple  Don't put away your grills! Grilled fruit all week on #Recipesf…
Well: Studying May Make You Nearsighted 
Well: Alcohol Remains a Leading Killer 
Well: Weekend Dangers at the E.R. 
RT @tamarnyt: With surrogacy illegal in so many countries, more foreign couples heading to US for a womb, and a baby   
How closely have you been following health news? The weekly quiz: 
RT @celiadugger: It's not just VA patients who wait for apts. So do privately insured Americans,  writes @nytrosenthal. 
RT @nytrosenthal:  To discuss long U.S. wait times and solutions, please join our Facebook Group  https://t.co/lmM8QF…
RT @nytrosenthal: Myth that US patients don't wait for medical care. They do!  Join NYT new Paying Till it Hurts FB …
RT @cslnyt: Fighting addiction without A.A. @gabrielleglaser 
Recipes for Health: Grilled Vanilla-Ginger Pineapple 
The New Health Care: Gingrich’s Correct Prediction About Medicare’s Future 
Well: Overweight and Pregnant 
Foreign Couples Heading to America for Surrogate Pregnancies 
Foreign Couples Heading to America for Surrogate Pregnancies 
Remember to reapply your sunscreen! 
Obama Weighs Steps to Cover Contraception 
Virus Plagues the Pork Industry, and Environmentalists 
Well: Adopt a Bean and Cook With It 
A Different Path to Fighting Addiction 
Birth Control Order Deepens Divide Among Justices 
Your questions on Truvada, answered: 
More on Truvada, the drug that could transform AIDS prevention in the United States: 
Moving beyond condoms as HIV risk-reduction tool. Gov. Andrew Cuomo pushes for new strategy.  
The Think Like a Doctor answer is … Insulinoma. A reader who was not a doctor figured it out. 
Fighting an Epidemic: Pill to Prevent H.I.V. Gets a Prominent Backer: Andrew Cuomo 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sugar-Free Solved! 
RT @paula_span: Is it condescending to warn seniors about #benzos risks and try to help them quit? Some New Old Age readers unhappy. http:/…
RT @heathertal: Parents must spend more than $500 on mandatory vaccine. Meanwhile manufacturer is making $4 billion. @nytrosenthal 
RT @nytrosenthal: Who knew kids vaccinations had become so pricey? The latest from NYT series Paying Till it Hurts.  
RT @nytrosenthal: Read to end of vaccine piece: We started a NYT Paying Till it Hurts Facebook Group to talk HC prices! Please join! https:…
RT @celiadugger: 100s of 1000s of Americans get spinal shots for back &amp; leg pain but randomized trial finds the don't help much. 
RT @ReedAbelson: Jamie Dimon’s Cancer Revelation Raises Questions About Disclosing the C.E.O.’s Illness 
Well: The Doctor Gets V.I.P. Treatment 
Well: Ask Well: Reapply Your Sunscreen 
DealBook: Jamie Dimon’s Cancer Revelation Raises Questions About Disclosing the C.E.O.’s Illness 
Paying Till It Hurts: The Price of Prevention: Vaccine Costs Soaring 
National Briefing Rick Perry Turns From Beloved Cowboy Boots 
After Criticism, Investigator Steps Down From the V.A. 
Insurers on New York State’s Health Exchange Seek Significant Rate Increases 
RT @BarryMeier: Update: Sgt. Shane Savage of "A Soldier's War on Pain"  had amputation. He's feeling good and ready t…
RT @PamBelluck: For people with back pain, an important new study: do steroid injections for spinal stenosis work? 
Common Treatment for Back Pain Provides Little Help, Study Says 
RT @cslnyt: Is practice variation ok?Or should medicine be strictly evidence-based?  @aaronecarroll    
RT @paula_span: A brochure can help wean older adults off risky benzos -- sleeping pills. 
State of the Art: The Bright Side of Facebook’s Social Experiments on Users 
The New Old Age Blog: Weaning Older Patients Off of Sleeping Pills 
RT @nytimes: Moderate exercise may help to slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sugar-Free 
For all the antiquity and notoriety of leprosy, the disease continues to surprise and confound 
World Briefing: Ebola Outbreak Is Largest Ever 
Nutrition Group Lobbies Against Healthier School Meals It Sought, Citing Cost 
Well: Can Exercise Reduce Alzheimer’s Risk? 
Flame retardants have been found in a multitude of places, from breast milk to Antarctic penguins 
The psychology of the penalty kick 
Prescription Drug Deaths in Florida Plunge After Tougher Laws 
The illogic of employer-sponsored health insurance 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: No need for a hated checkup? Guideline Calls Routine Pelvic Exams Unnecessary 
RT @deborahblum: My latest for @nytimes: Flame Retardants Are Everywhere (from peanut butter to penguins)  
Well: Flame Retardants Are Everywhere 
Gluten-Free Dining in Italy 
Recipes for Health: Big Bowl With Spicy Brown Bean, Squash and Corn Succotash 
On View: ‘Code Black’: A Window Into Doctors’ Training 
Reactions : Life Outside the Hospital; Consequences of Cool; You’re So Far Away 
Global Health: Clue to Disease’s Spread in a 6,200-Year-Old Grave 
RT @nytvideo: Mental Health in the Pistorius Trial 
RT @cslnyt: 999+ comments on @adamliptak story on Supreme Ct rejection of birth control mandate 
Q&amp;A: Eating the Shell Along With the Egg? 
Doctors’ Group Advises Against Regular Pelvic Exams 
RT @dacorc: Who knew? From Natalie @Angier58: Leprosy, Still Claiming Victims 
Debate That Divides: How Hobby Lobby Ruling Could Limit Access to Birth Control 
Hobby Lobby ruling seems likely to make it harder for women to get contraception in the future @aaroncarroll writes 
Leprosy, Still Claiming Victims 
Justices Rule in Favor of Hobby Lobby 
Supreme Court Declines Case Contesting Ban on Gay ‘Conversion Therapy’ 
RT @UpshotNYT: Evidence-based medicine, or why hardly anyone has tonsils removed these days: 
RT @jessbidgood: I spent 3 days outside Boston’s @PPact clinic to look at how SCOTUS' buffer-zone ruling is felt there: 
RT @celiadugger: Scientists: morning after pills don't cause abortions in way abortion opponents contend in Hobby Lobby case. 
The New Old Age Blog: Elderly Patients Often Overtreated for Diabetes, Study Suggests 
Recipes for Health: Orecchiette With Fresh and Dried Beans and Tomatoes 
Several doctors said “this view did not reflect the way the birth control methods actually work.” From this piece: 
The companies objected to some of the contraceptive methods, saying they are tantamount to abortion.
Updates on the 5-to-4 Hobby Lobby decision. 
Supreme Court ruled that requiring family-owned corporations to pay for insurance for contraception violated religious freedom law.
Worth revisiting. @PamBelluck @eckholm’s piece on religious groups’ beliefs that contraceptives are form of abortion 
Well: How Music May Make Babies Team Players 
Supreme Court Rules in Contraceptive Case 
The New Health Care: What the Reduction in Tonsillectomies Teaches Us About Medicine 
RT @WilliamJBroad: Why Teenagers Act Crazy 
RT @jswatz: Facebook tinkering with our feeds to emotional contagion. Should I feel Hawthorne effect or Stockholm Syndrome? 
RT @cslnyt: Devastating errors after military care, a NYT investigation shows  
RT @David_Dobbs: Pistorius Was Not Mentally Ill at Time of Shooting, Psychiatrists Report, via @nytimes 
Well: Keeping Your Cool 
World Cup 2014: With Júlio César’s Help, More Respect for Brazilians in Net 
Facebook Tinkers With Users’ Emotions in News Feed Experiment, Stirring Outcry 
Medical Boards Draft Plan to Ease Path to Out-of-State and Online Treatment 
Flawed Saudi Response Fueled Outbreak of MERS, Middle East Virus 
Cuomo Plan Seeks to End New York’s AIDS Epidemic 
Technophoria: When a Health Plan Knows How You Shop 
On Religion: For Women Who Saw Combat, a Place to Find Inner Peace 
Afrezza, a New Inhaled Insulin, Is Approved by the F.D.A. 
Report Finds Health Unit of V.A. Needs Overhaul 
RT @NYTmag: Why are we so scared of crossing the germ line - and is that fear putting lives at risk? 
RT @anahadoconnor: Can medical marijuana really treat a laundry list of conditions? Where's the evidence? Great story by @cslnyt 
RT @michaelroston: China's official newspaper: Don't drink urine 
The weekly health quiz: were you paying attention this week?  
Do you think doctors should be able to decide which conditions may be helped by marijuana? Good comments here: 
RT @WilliamJBroad: Putting Us All at Risk for Measles 
Part 2: A case study of one woman’s experience with maternal mental illness in its most extreme form.  
If you missed @PamBelluck’s series on maternal mental health. Part 1. Postpartum depression isn’t always postpartum.  
RT @PamBelluck: There will be a discussion of our maternal mental illness stories on @wnyc's @LeonardLopate show today at noon.
Well: 50 Ways to Love Your Quinoa 
States keep authorizing marijuana use. But the rigorous scientific evidence about its benefits is limited. 
New York’s Ban on Big Sodas Is Rejected by Final Court 
Well: Ask Well: Fatty Liver and Diet 
National Briefing Politicians’ Prescriptions for Marijuana Defy Doctors and Data 
FDA warns of serious allergic reactions to some anti-acne products containing benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid. 
When recorded in a scientific study, a few months of extended life may seem trivial, but they are not. 
RT @WilliamJBroad: Where Personal Memories Take Root 
RT @paula_span: Smart, cheap idea: hospitals, clinics should keep stock of non-prescription reading glasses for elderly patients. 
Well: Supplements Found to Ease Gestational Diabetes 
The New Old Age Blog: For Elderly Patients, a Sharper Focus 
Supreme Court Strikes Down Abortion Clinic Buffer Zones 
RT @anahadoconnor: fascinating story about what happens to "the cool kids" when they grow up. by @JanHoffmanNYT  
Well: Living With Cancer: The New Medicine 
RT @grynbaum: The NYC #BigSoda ban is dead. Victory for soft-drink industry &amp; setback for advocates urging limits on sugary foods 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Warns of Allergy to Some Anti-Acne Products 
Well: Putting Us All at Risk for Measles 
Well: Aspirin May Cut Pancreatic Cancer Risk 
There may be some truth to the idea of ‘no pain, no gain’ after all 
Try this healthy salad with Middle Eastern accents (Photo: Andrew Scrivani for NYT)  
Well: Longer Heart Monitoring Backed for Stroke Patients 
RT @JulietMacur: My column on why soccer players under 14 shouldn't head the ball. When it comes to safety, why risk it? 
Hot weather kills more Americans than all other natural disasters combined, and casualties are climbing 
There may be some truth to the idea of ‘no pain, no gain’ after all. 
Well: Ask Well: Diagnosing Fatty Liver 
Well: For Fitness, Push Yourself 
Whatever happened to the cool kids from middle school? The uncool kids caught up to and passed them 
An unexpected love (Photo: Richard Gershon for NYT)  
The multimillion-dollar minds of 5 mathematical masters 
At long-term acute care facilities, the point is rarely recovery. It’s to keep going 
An American pediatrics group will recommend reading aloud to infants from birth 
3-D Mammography Test Appears to Improve Breast Cancer Detection Rate 
RT @celiadugger: This video is a paean to romance. The lovers, hospital bound, with muscular dystrophy, transcend their surroundings.  http…
Those cool kids you once envied? Likely not so cool anymore. 
RT @PatcohenNYT: Must read story about women in peak of careers leaving workforce 
VIDEO: Two patients with muscular dystrophy fall in love in a place they never thought could be romantic. 
RT @hellofromcath: "Everybody wants the one." A true love story from an unexpected place: 
RT @paula_span: So you have an advance directive.  Will anyone pay attention? Looking at realities: 
RT @cslnyt: Women leave jobs in peak earning years to care for aging parents. Economy takes a hit.  @TheNewOldAge
RT @ginakolata: still on book leave but I wrote this earlier. have to admire the drs and nurses 
The New Old Age Blog: When Advance Directives Are Ignored 
Pediatrics Group to Recommend Reading Aloud to Children From Birth 
Brazil: Polio Virus Detected in Sewage 
Warning Unheeded, Heart Drugs Are Recalled 
Reactions: Support for New Mothers 
Observatory: Herpes Infected ‘Since Before We Were Human’ 
Neurology: Where Personal Memories Take Root 
Life Goes On at Long-Term Acute Care Hospitals 
Well: I Had Alice in Wonderland Syndrome 
Well: Vitamin D Screening Not Backed by Expert Panel 
Global Health: Oral Vaccine for Cholera Found Effective in Africa 
Well: Cool at 13, Adrift at 23 
Q&amp;A: Mosquito Bait 
Books: ‘The Remedy’: A 19th-Century Bid to Cure TB 
Spicy Quinoa Salad With Broccoli, Cilantro and Lime 
RT @WilliamJBroad: The Pain of Sons’ Violent Potential 
Well: Cleaner Air Linked to Fewer Deaths 
RT @cslnyt: FDA's last review contradicted a 1999 review by IOM that found marijuana "moderately well suited" for nausea and AIDS 
The New Health Care: Bigger Health Companies: Good for Medicare, Maybe Not for Others 
Nielsen Rewards Innovations of Successful New Products 
Well: Too Hot to Handle 
Early Results Arrive on Weight-Loss Pills That Expand in the Stomach 
Advertising: A Brand Highlights Its Natural Bona Fides, and Taste 
At School, Turning Good Food Into Perfectly Good Compost 
Judge Upholds Policy Barring Unvaccinated Students During Illnesses 
Seeing Sons’ Violent Potential, but Finding Little Help or Hope 
Dr. Arnold Relman, Outspoken Medical Editor, Dies at 91 
The New Old Age Blog: ‘You Can Do It, Shirley’ 
New some new recipes for broccoli? Here are five healthy ones that help you use the entire stalk.  
Health Site Is Changing Supervision 
Uruguayan Player’s Return After Head Injury Stirs Debate 
RT @cslnyt: NY Senate Passes Bill on Medical Marijuana  @jessemckinley
You asked, we answered: Is only working out on the weekends better than never working out at all? #askwell 
Well: Broccoli, Stems and All 
RT @PamBelluck: Shld states have laws on maternal mental illness? These states do. NY legislature just passed 1 - will governor sign? http:…
RT @celiadugger: New York Leaders Reach Deal on Medical Marijuana 
RT @celiadugger: CDC may have exposed 75 scientists to anthrax in effort to kill the bacteria more cheaply w/chemicals not radiation. http:…
Dr. Lorna Wing, Who Broadened Views of Autism, Dies at 85 
Your Money Adviser: A Test for the Early Detection of Alzheimer’s Disease 
New York Leaders Reach Deal on Medical Marijuana 
"I realized...I needed another checklist, one that puts patients in the center" @JessicaZitter 
Up to 75 C.D.C. Scientists May Have Been Exposed to Anthrax 
RT @halbfinger: BREAKING: New York Leaders Have Tentative Deal on Medical Marijuana  @jessemckinley
Well: Ask Well: Weekend Warriors 
How can a doctor determine next of kin when a patient can't speak for himself? 
RT @albertsun: Since @mollywood said don't buy the LG Lifeband Touch or Samsung Gear Fit  try these instead 
The New Old Age Blog: Hypoglycemia Rising in Older People With Diabetes 
Well: Who Can Speak for the Patient? 
Readers told us stories of their fun fathers. Here were the best submissions: 
Genetic Connections: Scientists Identify Mutations That Protect Against Heart Attacks 
You asked, we answered: What is the best way to help a child lose weight? #askwell 
Ever wondered why asparagus makes your pee smell funny? Here's why: 
RT @celiadugger: What do you do if you have dense breast tissue? @ronicaryn grapples with murky answers. 
RT @anahadoconnor: Provocative Bittman column today, on how the food industry is punishing its customer base. 
Well: With Blood Pressure, Lower Is Not Always Better 
Physical activity may encourage beneficial germs to thrive in your gut, while inactivity could do the reverse.  
Well: Exercise and the ‘Good’ Bugs in Our Gut 
Talks on Medical Marijuana Bill as Time Starts to Run Out in Albany 
The new whole-grain movement: 
Well: Putting Fun in Fatherhood 
RT @paula_span: Alas, you have to be a savvy consumer even when someone is near death. Questions to ask when choosing a hospice: 
The New Old Age Blog: How to Choose a Hospice 
Can you get an accurate breast cancer screening if you have dense breast tissue? 
RT @PamBelluck: Part 2 of our focus on maternal mental illness - one mother's heartbreaking struggle : "After Baby, an Unraveling" 
RT @NYTMotherlode: Climbing Out of the Darkness of Maternal Mental Illness 
RT @celiadugger: Heartbreaking story of mother,  accomplished lawyer &amp; beloved aunt afflicted by maternal mental illness.   
A Bolder Effort by Big Tobacco on E-Cigarettes 
DealBook: Supreme Court Rejects Argentina’s Debt Appeal 
Should states require screening for maternal mental illness? NJ does, but it hasn’t worked as well as hoped. 
Well: Dense Breasts May Obscure Mammogram Results 
Books: ‘The Good Doctor’: A Son’s Look at an Earlier Generation 
Ask Well: Feeding Heavy and Thin Kids Together 
RT @SophieEganNYT: My latest NYT story: A Long Way From Wonder Bread  @nytimeswell
Mother's Mind: Maternal Mental Illness Can Arrive Months After Baby 
Feeling itchy? How to steer clear of poison ivy: 
Do you have a question about fatty liver disease? #askwell 
RT @anahadoconnor: Pretty fascinating story on the new whole grain movement taking shape on the west coast by @SophieEganNYT  
Postpartum depression isn’t always postpartum – or always depression. 
Global Health: A Faster Way to Find the Origin of Malaria 
Recipes for Health: Stir-fried Broccoli Stalks and Flowers, Red Peppers, Peanuts and Tofu 
RT @PamBelluck: Where to find help for postpartum depression and other maternal mental illnesses 
RT @cslnyt: More work needed before a portable artificial pancreas is marketed for Type 1 diabetes, but still, promising 
RT @celiadugger: Video of mother bravely describing her mental illness after birth of second son, fighting impulse to hurt him. 
Well: A Long Way From Wonder Bread 
Well: Steering Clear of Poison Ivy 
‘Thinking of Ways to Harm Her’ 
Thousands to Be Questioned on Eligibility for Health Insurance Subsidies 
Artificial Pancreas Shows Promise in Diabetes Test 
Happy Father's Day! Do you have a fun dad? Share your stories with us:
Was your dad a fun one? Tell us your best funny dad stories: 
Calling all fun dads! Share your stories of fatherly fun here: 
Business Briefing: Chia Powder Is Linked to Salmonella 
Well: Threat Grows From Liver Illness Tied to Obesity 
Are you a "fun" dad? Share your tales of fatherly fun here: 
Well: Are You a ‘Fun Dad’? 
Well: A Better Ranch Dressing 
Eating more of these foods may lower your stroke risk: 
RT @realjohngreen: Susan Gubar, a hero of mine (she cowrote The Madwoman in the Attic), made my day with her kind words re. TFIOS. 
Well: More Protein in Diet May Lower Stroke Risk 
Concerns on Mad Cow Lead to Recall 
What to Do When Crawdad Grows Anxious 
“Cancer books suck,” says  Hazel Grace Lancaster. But she has a favorite and so do I. Mine is the novel Jabout her. 
Well: Living With Cancer: The Fault in Our Stars 
When your hospital stay makes you sick. 
Well: Low Vitamin D Tied to Premature Death 
RT @ReedAbelson: When a Stressful Hospital Stay Makes You Sick  Syndrome described by Dr. Harlan Krumholz
Well: When a Stressful Hospital Stay Makes You Sick 
RT @paula_span: A son's small but satisfying victory vs insurers in Virginia: Certified mail when a long term care policy is lapsing http:/…
The New Old Age Blog: An Alert When the Policy Lapses 
Should runners get pedicures? 
Well: First Year May Be Critical for Lowering Asthma and Allergy Risk 
Well: Should Runners Get Pedicures? 
RT @paula_span: Q.E.D.: some New Old Age commenters "grossed out" by idea of elders, perhaps w/dementia, having  sexual lives. 
RT @celiadugger: Turns out my chatty walks with friends don't count as moderate exercise. Too bad! I like to walk and talk. 
Are you working out as hard as you think you are? 
Pregnant and worried about eating fish? Well, make sure you don't avoid seafood completely: 
RT @cslnyt: Pregnant? Eat at least two servings of low-mercury fish a week, says FDA and EPA  @anahadoconnor
RT @cslnyt: The fight against "vacation cutting," when U.S. girls get sent abroad to be mutilated. 
Assisted living centers are learning how to deal with - *gulp* - elderly sexual relationship. 
Well: Overestimating How Hard We Exercise 
Africa: Algeria: MERS Death Reported 
RT @paula_span: Protecting sexual behavior in assisted living. Yes. 
Well: Updated Advice on Eating Fish During Pregnancy 
Turning a patient into a "zombie" to save his life? Doctors are planning to try this procedure soon: 
The New Old Age Blog: Sex in Assisted Living: Intimacy Without Privacy 
Would you prefer to learn in a colorful classroom or one with barren walls? You may want to rethink your answer: 
RT @celiadugger: My Mom, a teacher,  was always busy decorating her classroom.  Turns out it may have detracted from learning. 
DealBook: Merck Bids $3.8 Billion for an Edge in Hepatitis 
Audit Shows Extensive Medical Delays for Tens of Thousands of Veterans  
Well: Rethinking the Colorful Kindergarten Classroom 
Reactions: Handwriting Loses Ground, Healing Tattoos, Telescopic Legacies 
RT @ReedAbelson: A Chilling Medical Trial 
Hard Cases: Revolving Doors at Hospitals 
Science fiction or reality? Doctors hope to freeze a dying patient to give them more time to fix him. 
Books: ‘The Witch-Hunt Narrative’: Are We Dismissing Real Victims? 
Ask Well: Do Monogamous Women Still Need a Pap Smear? 
A Chilling Medical Trial 
Global Health: Malnutrition: Starving Children Lack Crucial Gut Bacteria 
Outsmarting breast cancer with evolving therapies:  
Well: Outsmarting Breast Cancer With Evolving Therapies 
Recipes for Health: Lisa Feldman’s Yogurt and White Bean ‘Ranch’ Dressing 
Judge Voids Expansion of Discount Drug Program 
In Texarkana, Uninsured and on the Wrong Side of a State Line 
Alexander Shulgin, Psychedelia Researcher, Dies at 88 
Cleveland Clinic Chief Out of Running for V.A. 
Stabbing Case Shows Lapses in Treatment for the Mentally Ill 
Well: Nowhere to Turn 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Arachnophobia Solved! 
Well: Cooking With Nuts and Seeds 
What workout does it take to become Rocky Balboa? The lead actor of the Rocky musical takes us through his routine: 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Gene sequencing reveals a hidden germ, saves boy in coma. In a First, Test of DNA Finds Root of Illness 
RT @paula_span: Read @janegross on her elderly friend who moved the furniture. 
Well: The Workout: Becoming Rocky Balboa 
N.I.H. Seeks $4.5 Billion to Try to Crack the Code of How Brains Function 
DNA Test Indicates Camel-to-Human Transmission of MERS 
Well: Living With Cancer: Chronic, Not Cured 
The New Old Age Blog: Moving On by Moving Around 
Well: Teenage Sunburns Raise Melanoma Risk 
Well: The Great Hamstring Saver 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Arachnophobia 
Like solving medical mysteries? The newest "Think Like a Doctor" case goes live in 2 hours.
To all you medical sleuths out there: the newest "Think Like a Doctor" mystery goes live at midnight EST.
Single Dose of Antibiotic Found Effective in Quelling MRSA 
In First, Quick DNA Test Diagnoses a Boy’s Illness 
Want to lose weight? Trying calling exercise by any other name. 
Need to drop extra pounds? Try treating exercise like playtime. 
Well: Colon Cancer Screening Saves Lives 
A Fight to Limit Sugary Drinks Enters Its Final Round 
World Briefing: Saudi Arabia: MERS Toll Revised 
Well: Losing Weight May Require Some Serious Fun 
Melon, coleslaw, fruit, and salad: That's all Levi Bowland, 10, eats in a day as part of a raw food diet. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Little Vinnie's, a mecca for women who have has mastectomies. A Tattoo That Completes a New Breast 
RT @paula_span: Research confirms what we suspect: a sense of purpose improves and extends life for elders. How to help them keep it? http:…
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Do you want your doctor to be wearing these things? Google Glass Enters the Operating Room 
Little Vinnie’s Tattoos offers something special for women who had breast cancer  — a realistic nipple tattoo. 
RT @celiadugger: As the world gets fatter, people in the Middle East led the trend. Asia stayed thin. Nearly 3 in 10 overwgt or obese. http…
RT @nytimes: A tattoo parlor in Maryland gives women with breast cancer a realistic nipple replacement 
The New Old Age Blog: Living on Purpose 
Health Experts See Benefits in Push to Cut Pollution 
Hospital Charges Surge for Common Ailments, Data Shows 
Reactions: Complicated Brains, Walking Well Into Old Age, To Teleport Data 
Well: A Tattoo That Completes a New Breast 
Is it healthy for kids to eat a completely raw diet? 
Well: Growing Up on Raw Foods 
Global Health: No Nation Has Lowered Obesity Rate in 33 Years 
Treatment for irritable bowel disease has made great advances, with less disruptive surgery. 
Recipes for Health: Asparagus, Green Beans and Potatoes With Green Mole Sauce 
Nurse, pass my Google glass, stat. Google glass enters the O.R. 
RT @celiadugger: Men given early chemo for advanced prostate cancer lived over a year longer, study finds. 
Study Examines Efficacy of Taxes on Sugary Drinks 
Well: New Therapies for a Debilitating Condition 
Well: Google Glass Enters the Operating Room 
Early Chemotherapy Extends Lives of Men With Prostate Cancer, Study Finds 
Many Veterans Praise Care, but All Hate the Wait 
After 5 Months of Sales, Colorado Sees the Downside of a Legal High 
Dr. Melvin J. Glimcher, Prosthetics Innovator, Dies at 88 
Medicare to Now Cover Sex-Change Surgery 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Approves Celebrex in Generic Versions 
Drug Could Protect Fertility in Breast Cancer Patients 
Quiz: How well do you know this week's health news? 
RT @celiadugger: Measles in US at 20 yr high. Vaccine resistance lagely to blame, fed officials say. 
Well: Grilled Cheese for Grownups 
You asked, we answered: What are the best exercises after knee replacement? #askwell 
RT @cslnyt: Got teens? F.D.A. Warns Minors Shouldn't Use Tanning Beds  #melanoma
National Briefing National Briefing National Briefing Well: Ask Well: Exercise After Knee Replacement 
Measles Cases in U.S. Hit a 20-Year High 
F.D.A. Announces Stricter Rules on Tanning Beds 
Your vitamin E pills may either help or harm your lungs, depending on its source, a new study suggests.  
"Three years. That’s the total amount of time we train to be oncologists. It’s both a lot of time and not enough."   
Well: Delaying Vaccines May Increase Seizure Risk 
Well: Life Beyond the Cancer Clinic 
RT @ReedAbelson: This story is worth by keeping an eye on: Four Insurers Accused of Discriminating Against People With H.I.V. 
Well: Can Diet Drinks Aid Weight Loss? 
World Briefing: Iran: MERS Virus Reaches Its 20th Country 
National Briefing: Health Officials Reverse Diagnosis of MERS in Illinois Man 
Severe Report Finds V.A. Hid Waiting Lists 
With Special Clinics, Hospitals Vie for Hesitant Patients: Men 
Op-Ed Contributor: Michelle Obama on Attempts to Roll Back Healthy Reforms 
Well: Vitamin E May Harm, or Help, Your Lungs 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Approves Heart Device That Transmits Data to Doctors 
State of the Art: The Soylent Revolution Will Not Be Pleasurable 
Want to age gracefully? Walking may be the key.  
Well: Antidepressant May Ease Hot Flashes of Menopause 
To age well, just walk. Regular exercise lowers the risk that a frail older person will become physically disabled. 
Army Ousts Commander of Hospital After Deaths 
World Briefing: Iran: Supreme Leader Pushes Fertility Campaign 
Op-Ed Contributor: Why Can’t Doctors Identify Killers? 
De Blasio’s Latest Break With His Predecessors: Ending a Ban on Ferrets 
First Lady Rebuts Effort to Weaken School-Lunch Rules 
The New Old Age Blog: Walking to Age Well 
RT @celiadugger: Big, rigorous study finds regular walking &amp; exercise helps sedentary elderly avoid disability.  
The F.D.A. still does not require that food products made with G.M.O. plants be identified. What are your options? 
Phys Ed: To Age Well, Walk 
RT @paula_span: Read @PerriKlass on her late, stubborn, but not really so "ungrateful," mother. 
Work those eyes! Can eye exercises help your athletic performance?   
RT @ReedAbelson: iCYMI: Hospitals Look to Health Law, Cutting Charity 
The New Old Age Blog: She Wasn’t So Ungrateful After All 
Reactions 
Well: Information Not on the Label 
Q&amp;A: Pain Medications Can Lose Their Punch 
Well: Eye Practice for the Big Game 
Well: Protecting Newborns Against Whooping Cough 
Books: ‘For the Benefit of Those Who See’: The Life of the Blind 
Global Health: Guarding Against Disease Among Pilgrims to Mecca 
Are silver nanoparticles hiding in your clothing, bed sheets and food containers? Are there risks? 
Grilled Gorgonzola and Beet Green Sandwich 
Well: Speaking Up About an Uncomfortable Condition 
Bits Blog: My T-Shirt Told Me to Take a Chill Pill 
Insurers Once on the Fence Plan to Join Health Exchanges in ’15 
I.R.S. Bars Employers From Dumping Workers Into Health Exchanges 
Hospitals Look to Health Law, Cutting Charity 
Poison Pen: Silver Too Small to See, but Everywhere You Look 
You asked, we answered: Do you need to burn 2,000 calories a week for optimal fitness? #askwell 
Well: Blueberries for All 
RT @celiadugger: Geriatrics Society warns about too much Ensure. I've asked my Mom's caretakers to stop giving it like milk shakes. 
Do you feel more stressed at work or at home? At answer may surprise you. 
Well: Ask Well: For Fitness, 2,000 Calories a Week? 
Op-Ed Contributors: You’re Never Too Old to Be Studied 
Well: Women With Diabetes Face Greater Heart Risks Than Men 
Well: Is Work Your Happy Place? 
RT @paula_span: "Nutritional" supplements like Boost and Ensure?  @DoctorpaulMD denounces "liquid candy bars w/ vitamins"at  #AGS14 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Who knew? The placenta has a microbiome. Study Sees Bigger Role for Placenta in Newborns’ Health 
The New Old Age Blog: Geriatricians: Beware ‘Liquid Candy’ 
RT @cslnyt: Mice like to run. Who knew?  @jimgorman 
How to lose 11 pounds in 4 days: 
Well: Where You Live Matters for Lifesaving Liver Transplants 
U.S. Campaign Urges Gay Men to Talk About H.I.V. 
With New Bill, Abortion Limits Spread in South 
Well: 4 Days, 11 Pounds 
Op-Ed Contributors: Depressed, but Not Ashamed 
Well: Drowning Risk Varies by Age and Race 
Study Sees Bigger Role for Placenta in Newborns’ Health 
The brains of college football players are subtly different from the brains of other students, a new study shows. 
RT @paula_span: The 88%: Doctors who would choose DNR status if they were terminally ill. 
RT @celiadugger: Stuart Little take note: even uncaged mice love the wheel. 
Well: Brain Changes in College Football Players Raise New Concerns 
Study Shows That Mice Run for Fun, Not Just for Lab Work 
RT @KarenBBarrow: E-cigarettes seem to help smokers who want to quit: 
RT @nytimes: Smokers trying to quit are more likely to succeed if they used e-cigarettes than patches or gum, study says 
Graphic: How certain diseases may determine a health law's success. 
The New Old Age Blog: Do Not Resuscitate: What Young Doctors Would Choose 
How long would it take you to memorize the order of 51 cards in a deck? (For Simon Reinhard it takes 21.19 seconds) 
RT @celiadugger: Forgetting critical skill of memory athletes,  @bencareynyt repts. 
RT @celiadugger: English study finds e-cigs more helpful than nicotine patch or gum in helping smokers quit. 
Study Gives E-Cigarettes Edge in Helping Smokers Quit 
U.S. Cites End to C.I.A. Ruses Using Vaccines 
Rating the Health Law’s Success 
Letters: Pets Driving With a Dog (1 Letter) 
Letters: A.D.H.D. Treatment Without Drugs (1 Letter) 
Letters: Scoliosis Exercise, Not Braces (1 Letter) 
Well: Remembering, as an Extreme Sport 
Will the World Cup cause an outbreak of Dengue fever? 
Well: When Doctors Treat Patients Like Themselves 
Global Health: With World Cup in Brazil, Risk of Spreading a Virus 
RT @cslnyt: “A major breakthrough” for patients w/ idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, a fatal lung disease  @nytdenisegra…
Well: Using a Patient’s Own Blood in Heart Surgery 
Bacteria, mosquitoes, spiders, the sun: ahh, the dangers of summer. 
Recipes for Health: Blueberry or Blackberry Compote With Yogurt or Ricotta 
Well: Ask Well: AIDS and Truvada 
RT @cslnyt: Thousands of Toddlers Are Prescribed A.D.H.D. Drugs. Why? 
Well: This Summer, Safety First 
Sidney J. Blatt Dies at 85; Developed ‘Double Helix’ Theory of Depression 
Drugs Found to Aid Breathing in a Fatal Lung Disease 
Business Briefing: Pfizer to Apply for Breast Cancer Drug Approval 
Clyde Snow, a Sleuth Who Read Bones, is Dead at 86 
Mother Accuses Doctors of Forcing a C-Section and Files Suit 
Thousands of Toddlers Are Medicated for A.D.H.D., Report Finds, Raising Worries  
You asked, we answered: What are the side effects of taking Truvada daily to prevent H.I.V.? #askwell 
RT @paula_span: Another good reason to get the shingles vaccine: UK study shows higher stroke risk. 
The New Old Age Blog: When Shingles Is Just the Beginning 
For people with Type 2 diabetes, two large meals may be better than the same amount of food eaten in 6 small meals. 
Well: Summer Burgers, Hold the Meat 
Well: Tracking Down the Deer Runner 
AIDS Groups Back Anti-H.I.V. Pill Amid Concerns Doctors and Patients Will Resist 
F.D.A. Recommends Lower Dose of the Sleeping Pill Lunesta 
Well: A Meal Schedule for Diabetes 
Well: Wine Ingredient May Have Few Health Benefits 
Does a medical student need to disclose every error - however minor - they may make? 
From the archive: Truvada’s use has been slow to catch on.  
RT @celiadugger: Feds recommend daily pill to prevent persistent spread of HIV in US, shifting from primary focus on condoms.  
RT @cslnyt: Routine gender bias in basic research must end says @NIH  @ronicaryn
Well: When Medical Students Make Errors 
Get to 100 and Life Actually Doesn’t Feel so Bad 
Proper Death Planning Is a Final Gift to Loved Ones 
The Age Premium 
A Study on Prostate Cancer Relapses Suggests That Hormone Therapy Can Wait 
World Briefing: Saudi Arabia: 5 More Deaths From Virus Reported 
Do you have a question about Truvada? #askwell   Advocating pill, U.S. signals shift to prevent AIDS:  
Advocating Pill, U.S. Signals Shift to Prevent AIDS 
The CDC has announced new recommendations that all those at high risk for HIV take a daily, preventative drug. 
Do you have a question about this HIV-preventing drug? Tweet #askwell 
U.S. Recommends Daily Pill to Fight AIDS Infections 
N.I.H. Tells Researchers to End Sex Bias in Early Studies 
Essay: Looking for the Final Word on Treatment 
Instead of a large all-out workout, have you tried exercising in snack-size portions?  
RT @celiadugger: Two drugs that could help alcoholics quit are little prescribed,  @anahadoconnor repts. 
Well: Exercise ‘Snacks’ to Control Blood Sugar 
Health Care Workers Under Attack in Syria, Doctors Say 
Doubts Raised About Off-Label Use of Subsys, a Strong Painkiller 
World Briefing: Pakistan: Departing Travelers Must Get Polio Vaccine 
RT @cslnyt: Fewer than 10% of alcoholics are prescribed medications that could help them quit  drinking. Why? @anahadoconnor 
Effective Drugs to Curb Alcoholism Are Ignored, Study Finds 
Being the victim of a bully is more than just bad for your mental health, it's bad for your body, too. 
RT @paula_span: Teens mentoring seniors to help bring them online.  New documentary shows some problems,  but might work. 
Can meditation and mental exercises be better than drugs at helping people with attention problems? 
Stretching exercises may be a cure for scoliosis. 
Reactions: Statins ad Women, Birth Defects and Polio Abroad 
Global Health: A Charity’s Video Shows Models Duped for a Cause 
The New Old Age: They’ve Deleted Their ‘Spacebook’ Profiles 
Mind: Exercising the Mind to Treat Attention Deficits 
Well: Hope for an S-Shaped Back 
Observatory: New Neurons Found to Overwrite Old Memories 
Second Case of MERS Virus Is Announced 
Well: Moving Against Heart Disease 
Well: Being Bullied Is Bad for Your Health 
Dog ownership isn't always the fun it seems like it should be. 
Suvir Saran’s Mushroom and Farro Burger 
RT @celiadugger: WHO rec that all Pakistanis get polio vaccines before leaving country seems to have finally made its elite worry. 
RT @celiadugger: Donald McNeil's story about vaccinators risking murder to protect millions of children from polio. 
Well: The Drawbacks of Puppy Love 
You asked, we answered: Do I need a polio vaccine booster? #askwell 
Ask Well: New Questions About Polio Shots 
A new documentary, "Fed Up," tries to figure out if eating less is truly the key to losing weight. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Doctors Use Patient’s Immune Cells to Shrink Cancer Tumors 
RT @celiadugger: Fighting the invisibility of schizophrenia by inviting people who have it to tell their stories in oral histories. 
Well: ‘Fed Up’ Asks, Are All Calories Equal? 
Deadly Illness in Nicaragua Baffles Experts 
Well: Hurricane Stress Linked to Stillbirths 
Well: Living with Cancer: Careless Care 
What do you know about current health news? Test your health know-how by taking our weekly health quiz. 
Doctors use patient’s immune cells to shrink cancer tumors. 
Doctors Use Patient’s Immune Cells to Shrink Cancer Tumors 
Voices that say I'd be better off dead," says Amber. Hear more from the Schizophrenia Oral History Project: 
Public Health: Vaccine Opponents Can Be Immune to Education 
Well: The Silence of Doctors Around Alzheimer’s 
Well: Stories as a Window Into Schizophrenia 
RT @cslnyt: Yet, if you missed the boat, "it really is never too late to start exercising" says Dr. Jacobs of @UMNews 
Fit body at 25, fit brain at 50? @GretchenReynold explains. 
RT @cslnyt: The more fit you are at 25, the better your thinking in middle age.  @GretchenReynold
Well: Early Fitness Can Improve the Middle-Age Brain 
Mosquito-dissecting robots? Crowdfunding has begun to help build robots that can speed malaria vaccine production.  
RT @albertsun: With a firmware update, the Withings Pulse can now track blood oxygenation: 
RT @paula_span: So great to talk with the brilliant Roz Chast about eldercare and her potent new book. 
Do you have a question about the polio vaccine?  Click here to submit yours: 
Looking for an activity tracker? Well has just updated its tracker guide. Now with a review of the Garmin Vivofit. 
Do you have a question about the polio vaccine? #askwell. Donald G. McNeil Jr. will be answering your questions 
The New Old Age Blog: A Conversation With Roz Chast 
Fiber after a heart attack decreases one's risk of death. 
RT @cslnyt: Should so many women be taking statins?  @ronicaryn
RT @cslnyt: Mortality drop after ’06 health law in Mass. “It’s big"  @stavernise
Health Policy Perspective: Universal Mammogram Screening Shows We Don’t Understand Risk 
Massachusetts Death Rate Fell After Overhaul 
Should so many women be taking statins? 
Reactions: A Debt to the Future, Face of Pain, Science Meets Fiction 
Global Health: A Goal to Combat Malaria With the Help of a Robot 
Well: A New Women’s Issue: Statins 
Books: ‘The Sober Truth’: Seeing Bad Science in Rehab 
Well: After a Heart Attack, Eat Your Fiber 
Q&amp;A: Red in the Face 
RT @celiadugger: "Adult onset" type 2 diabetes up 30% in kids and type 1 up 21%, @cslnyt repts. Lifelong struggle ahead. 
RT @celiadugger: On Staten Island, people hooked on presciption pain pills turn to heroin for cheaper high, driving epidemic. 
RT @cslnyt: Polio - thought to be eradicated 2 yrs ago - is now spreading quickly @WHO 
RT @cslnyt: Insufficient oxygen to brain in labor isn't necessarily the cause of injuries in newborns. Truth = complex. 
Maternal health and genes, not just a lack of oxygen during delivery, can play a role in brain injuries in newborns. 
RT @paula_span: Two million more seniors w/heart failure can now get Medicare-covered, lifesaving cardiac rehab. But will they? 
Polio Spreading at Alarming Rates, World Health Organization Declares 
Well: Hurt Before the Birth 
Young Blood May Hold Key to Reversing Aging 
RT @amy_harmon: Ever hit a paywall trying to access a scientific paper? For a story, would love examples from non-scientists. Plz email me …
How Being Hit by a Vehicle Changed Times Colleagues’ Lives 
The New Old Age Blog: A New Benefit for Heart Failure Patients 
Helmets on infants don't help to fix skull flattening, a new study says. 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: 18-Year Rash Solved! 
Well: Drink Your Greens 
The question doctors should -  but don't - ask: Can you afford this? 
You asked, we answered: Are high triglycerides an independent risk factor for heart disease? #askwell 
RT @cslnyt: Helmets don't help round out infant skull flattening, says a study by @RenskevanWijk 
Well: Helmets Do Little to Help Moderate Infant Skull Flattening, Study Finds 
Well: Do Statins Change Our Eating Habits? 
UV drying lamps at nail salons may increase your risk of skin cancer. 
Can you Think Like a Doctor and figure out why this woman has had a rash on her hands for almost 18 years? 
Well: Coffee Tied to Lower Diabetes Risk 
RT @celiadugger: Some risk of skin damage from nail polish drying lamps, reports @taraparkerpope.  
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The 18-Year Rash 
Business Briefing: Endo to Pay $830 Million to Settle Claims Over Devices 
Well: Study Sees Skin Cancer Risk in Nail Salon Lamps 
Can you Think Like a Doctor? Why has this woman had a rash on her hands for 18 years? Visit  at 12AM ET to guess.
Need a creative boost? Take a walk. Even a boring one can spur creativity. 
Why are dangerous supplements still on store shelves? @anahadoconnor  explains: 
RT @celiadugger: All who follow health news from the  The health link is back at the top of our home page navigation…
Well: Why Dangerous Supplements Linger on Store Shelves 
Well: Want to Be More Creative? Take a Walk 
News Analysis: Quietly Building Focus on College Sexual Assaults 
24 healthy, new recipes that include your favorite green: kale. 
RT @celiadugger: Pills that cost 25 cents appear to prevent malaria in kids in West Africa, MSF repts. 
Can you tell if a person is in real pain or faking it? A computer can: 
RT @cslnyt: Drownings among adults 45+ are up 10% 
Well: Reading Pain in a Human Face 
\: Data Murky on Fertility Rates 
Books: ‘Missing Microbes’: How Antibiotics Can Do Harm 
The Doctor’s World: An About-Face on a Risky Transplant 
RT @celiadugger: There's an app for your advance health directive so it's there when you need it, not locked in safe deposit box. 
Global Health: Even a Few Pills Can Put a Dent in the Malaria Rate 
Pear Smoothie With Spinach, Celery and Ginger 
RT @cslnyt: "Costs alone cast a pall" over medical advances @nytrosenthal 
Well: A Stroke You Must Have 
Well: Quiche Meets Whole Wheat 
"At times when I consider my losses, I feel like a loser in the battle against self-pity," writes Susan Gubar. 
You asked, we answered: What do those foam rollers at the gym do for you? #askwell 
Well: Treating Appendicitis Without Surgery 
RT @celiadugger: Donald McNeil writes a fascinating story on scientific quest to decode the genes of the tsetse fly. It breastfeeds! http:/…
Well: Ask Well: Do Foam Rollers Aid Workouts? 
Alternative to Pap Test Is Approved by F.D.A. 
Are medical schools really preparing their students to become doctors? 
Well: Living With Cancer: Practicing Loss 
RT @paula_span: American Bar Assoc. wants you to store your advance directives, and your family's on your smartphone. 
The New Old Age Blog: The Documents You Need, When You Need Them 
Looking for a healthy snack? Use our Eat Well recipe finder: 
Why is chocolate so good for us? 
Well: Are Med School Grads Prepared to Practice Medicine? 
RT @cslnyt: FDA's new rules for e-cigarettes don't ban kid-luring flavors or restrict marketing but buyers must be18+ 
Well: Why Chocolate Is Good for Us 
F.D.A. Will Propose New Regulations for E-Cigarettes 
Forecast Cut on Spending for Health 
Researchers See New Importance in Y Chromosome 
Well: Aspirin Benefits Some at Risk for Colon Cancer 
Exercise makes us tired. Is that always a good thing?  
RT @celiadugger: George Johnson writes on myth that you can fight cancer by eating your fruits and vegetables.  
RT @celiadugger: Study Farley, ex NYC hlth commish, cited in calling for limits on salt in processed food was flawed, experts say.  
RT @cslnyt: Restricting a child's food can backfire. @taraparkerpope  
RT @paula_span: Fight metaphors at end of life: Britain is soft-pedaling them. Americans still "battling." New research: 
Well: The Limits of ‘No Pain, No Gain’ 
DealBook: Seeking the Right Chemistry, Drug Makers Hunt for Mergers 
World Briefing: Ebola Outbreak in West Africa Kills Over 140, U.N. Agency Says 
Gilead Revenue Soars on Hepatitis C Drug 
Study Linking Illness and Salt Leaves Researchers Doubtful 
The New Old Age Blog: Fighting Words Are Rarer Among British Doctors 
Raw Data: An Apple a Day, and Other Myths 
Global Health: Cancer Vaccine Proves Effective in H.I.V. Patients 
The Well Column: The Lure of Forbidden Food 
Well: New Painkiller Rekindles Addiction Concerns 
The Map Makers: Mind Control in a Flash of Light 
Whole-Wheat Pie Dough 
Well: Low Vitamin D in Mothers Tied to Cavities in Babies 
Well: The Trouble With Rice 
The New Old Age Blog: For Stone Phillips, a Focus on the Home Front 
Well: Free Samples Influence Doctors’ Prescriptions 
Well: Applause for Avocados 
You asked, we answered: Are cool downs after a work out necessary? Do you have a  health question? #askwell 
RT @cslnyt: "The technique can spray bits of uterine tissue or fibroids around inside the abdomen like seeds."  @nytd…
RT @paula_span: Lower your blood pressure, raise your risk of bad falls. Dicey tradeoff for older adults. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: A tool used in many hysterectomies can cause cancer to spread. The F.D.A. Tells gynecologists to stop using it. 
Well: Ask Well: Are Exercise Cool Downs Necessary? 
Treatment Cost Could Influence Doctors’ Advice 
Exercise appears to slow and even reverse the effects of aging on the skin. 
"My youth was all sports. Now, at the age of 30, with Stage IV gastric cancer, I rely on what I learned then." 
Well: An Athlete Tackles Cancer 
F.D.A. Tells Doctors to Stop Procedure Used to Remove Uterine Fibroids 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Awake, but not responding: is the mind still there? Families agonize. PET Scans Offer Clues on Vegetative States  http:…
RT @cslnyt: After birth, “you can delay cord clamping &amp; do skin-to-skin contact" No trade-off needed, says @TheLancet study 
Are too many young people taking antidepressants for too long a period of time? 
Well: Pregnancy Weight Gain Predicts Child’s Obesity 
Well: The Antidepressant Generation 
Diabetes Complications Show Sharp Decline, Report Finds 
Well: An Easier Way to Delay Cutting the Cord 
Searching for a new vegetarian or vegan recipe? Try our new Eat Well Recipe Finder. 
Type 2 Diabetes Complications Show Sharp Decline, Report Finds 
Gluten-free, veggie snacks, vegan desserts, spring salads. They're all in our new recipe finder. 
The New Old Age Blog: Blood Pressure Drugs May Raise Fall Risk 
Well: Younger Skin Through Exercise 
Searching for a new vegetarian or vegan recipe? Try our new Eat Well recipe finder. 
Are you searching for a new vegetarian or vegan recipe? Try our new Eat Well Recipe Finder. 
Prices Soaring for Specialty Drugs, Researchers Find 
Here are 36 vegetarian quinoa recipes for your table: 
Are you eating quinoa this passover? 
Refusals Cut Options After C-Sections 
Well: A Trendy Food, Now Kosher for Passover 
News Analysis: Obesity Studies Tell Two Stories, Both Right 
Global Health: It Pays to Pay Addicts to Get Vaccinations 
E-Cigarette Makers Targeting Youth, Congressional Report Says 
A Son’s Deafness Prompts a Scientific Journey 
Hard Cases: Too Much Family Love 
Body mass index may not be our best tool to measure obesity and health, researchers say. 
Well: Beans and Peas Lower Cholesterol 
Recipes for Health: Suvir Saran’s Guacamole With Toasted Cumin 
RT @cslnyt: 41% of pregnant Medicaid-enrolled women in Utah were prescribed opioids; Oregon 9.5% 
RT @cslnyt: After a suicide attempt, telling it like it is  @bencareynyt
Well: A Number That May Not Add Up 
Surge in Prescriptions for Opioid Painkillers for Pregnant Women 
Sebelius’s Slow-Motion Resignation From the Cabinet 
The New Old Age: Wounded by the Language of War 
RT @paula_span: Why do discussions of end of life sound like Pentagon briefings, full of combat talk? Does everyone have to "fight"? http:/…
Well: Great Grain Salads 
You asked, we answered: How effective a workout is running on that elliptical machine? #askwell 
Well: Ask Well: Walking vs. Elliptical Training 
"My cancer support group friends had lost not just sleep, but a significant aspect of their identities as women." 
Well: Living With Cancer: Bedtime Issues 
RT @paula_span: Doctors need to know how to help patients die, and to prepare their families. A first-person account. 
RT @paula_span: Tyrannosaurus Parens: A true tale of coping with needy, but demanding, elderly parents. 
Doctors have been taught to do everything possible to stave off death, but few learn how to help their patients die. 
RT @paula_span: Caring for Tyrannosaurus parens: A true, and not uncommon, eldercare saga. 
Well: Drinking Milk Linked to Arthritis Relief 
RT @cslnyt: Are you programmed to enjoy exercise? asks @GretchenReynold  (My reply: 1000%)
The New Old Age: When the Criticisms Never End 
Well: Pain Relievers Tied to Heart Rhythm Disorder 
In the market for an activity tracker? Use our handy guide to the pros and cons of the most popular models: 
Are you genetically programmed to enjoy exercise? 
RT @cslnyt: In 2012, 100 Medicare doctors got $610 million. Why do a few get a huge share of the payout?  @sarahcnyt
The New Old Age Blog: What Did Medicare Pay Your Doctor? 
Well: Are You Programmed to Enjoy Exercise? 
RT @cslnyt: For high-risk women, taking low-dose aspirin reduced the risk of preeclampsia by 24% &amp;preterm birth by 14% 
RT @celiadugger: Excellent story explores whether insurers can discriminate based on genetic test results. 
RT @paula_span: Answers to nitty-gritty questions about dying, from @NIH: 
Can parents use autism's obsessions to their advantage in reaching a child with the condition? 
Well: Hospitals Safer Than Homes for Births 
Researchers suggest that women are overtreated for breast cancer. But where are all these women? @nytDeniseGrady 
RT @cslnyt: Preeclampsia affects nearly 4% of U.S. births. Low-dose aspirin can help some high-risk women. 
Reactions 
Well: Look for Cancer, and Find It 
Well: Panel Urges Low-Dose Aspirin to Reduce Preeclampsia Risk 
The New Old Age Blog: Answers to Tough Questions About Dying 
Well: Inside the Mind of a Child With Autism 
Well: Many Drug Prescriptions Go Unfilled 
Well: Antidepressants Linked to Premature Births 
Global Health: Once a Nation of Death, Now a Symbol of Life 
Social interaction is one of the most important parts of dog ownership, writes Jane Brody. 
Well: Circumcision Benefits Outweigh Risks, Study Reports 
Well: Life With a Dog: You Meet People 
Breast Cancer Drug Shows ‘Groundbreaking’ Results 
Even Small Medical Advances Can Mean Big Jumps in Bills 
The New Old Age Blog: What, Me Old? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Running in Circles Solved! 
Well: Turning Up the Heat on Fruit 
You asked, we answered: If they can replace knees and hips, why not ankles? #askwell 
RT @cslnyt: Many people OD and die from opioids because naloxone is not available asap. Now it can be used at home.  …
Dr. Philip W. Brickner, Who Made House Calls to the Vulnerable, Dies at 85 
Well: Ask Well: Ankle Replacements 
RT @cslnyt: First Naloxone Auto-injector Approved By FDA to Treat Opioid Overdose  @stavernise
Well: The Hospital-Dependent Patient 
Can you Think Like a Doctor? What's wrong with this young man who has episodes of aggressive, manic behavior? 
F.D.A. Approves Portable Drug Overdose Treatment 
RT @paula_span: Caregivers: Go take a hike. It might help. 
New York Program to Help Police Get a Kit to Combat Overdoses 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Running in Circles 
Psychologist Helps Huskies Forge Lasting Bonds 
Business Briefing: Medicare to Share Information on Pay for Physicians 
Texas Abortion Providers to File Suit Against Restrictive Law 
Texas Abortion Providers to File Suit Against Restrictive Law 
Mental Health Groups Split on Bill to Revamp Care 
The New Old Age Blog: Walking the Talk 
Well: How Exercise Can Help You Live Longer 
Ebola Reaches Guinean Capital, Stirring Fears 
Well: Low Vitamin D Levels Linked to Disease in Two Big Studies 
How do probiotic bacteria survive the stomach’s acid bath? 
RT @cslnyt: A million+ preterm babies die each yr. "We can make major strides in decreasing that w/ smoking bans.”  @…
What can dogs tell us about breast cancer? 
RT @ronicaryn: What can dogs teach us about breast cancer? @UPenn vet treats strays &amp; @Princeton scientist seeks genetic clues. 
RT @ronicaryn: FDA-approved medical devices can be changed without human tests. @nytimes story on study by Harvard's @kesselheim 
RT @celiadugger: Flaws in FDA approval process for med devices led to faulty heart defibrillators,  experts say. 
RT @cslnyt: After smoking bans, 10% drops in premature births &amp; ER asthma visits  @AmerAcadPeds @TobaccoFreeKids
Reactions Letters To the Editor and Online Comments: Reactions 
Global Health: An Expansion in Use of Cancer Vaccine 
The Consumer: The Device Makers’ Shortcut 
The New Old Age: Sharp Truths Only Fiction Can Tell 
Well: Quick Gains After a Ban 
Well: From Dogs, Answers About Breast Cancer 
Well: Made Nervous by the Doctor 
More than four million injuries attributed to extreme sports occurred in the last 10 years. Tips to stay safe: 
Recipes for Health: Bananas Poached in Vanilla-Scented Chardonnay 
Personal Health: With the Thrills Come Extreme Risks 
RT @cslnyt: Over 60 and looking for love?  @abbyellin
RT @paula_span: Interesting that seniors unembarrassed by Social Security and Medicare may see food stamps as "handouts" and avoid.  http:/…
RT @paula_span: Less than 40% of seniors who qualify for food stamps use them. Why? My New Old Age post: Comments shed some light. 
New York Curbs Medical Bills Containing Surprises 
First Cases Documented of TB Caught From Cats 
The New Old Age Blog: An Aid Program Too Often Neglected 
RT @cslnyt: Childhood adversity impacts adult health @stavernise  
Well: Antiviral Drugs Cut Flu Deaths, Study Finds 
You asked, we answered: Is weight gain during menopause inevitable? #askwell 
Well: Ask Well: Weight Gain at Menopause 
National Briefing Well: Anti-Anxiety Drugs Tied to Higher Mortality 
Project to Improve Intellect of Poor Children Led to Better Health, Too, Research Finds 
The Workout: how an NCAA referee keeps in shape. 
Well: Doctor Priorities vs. Patient Priorities 
You think the players get a workout during March Madness? Try being a referee. @anahadoconnor 
Well: The Workout: A Ref Keeps Up With March Madness 
‘Environmental Poisoning’ of Iraq Is Claimed 
Settlement Bars Misleading Health Claims by Tanning Salons in New York State  
U.S. Announces Further Exemptions for Insurance Enrollment Deadline 
Business Briefing: F.D.A. Unveils Deal to Limit Antibiotic Use in Animal Feed 
World Briefing: Guinea: Government Bans Bat Soup to Halt Ebola Outbreak 
Age-related vision loss is common. But new research suggests that exercise might protect our eyes as we age. 
RT @paula_span: Should we really DOUBLE the use of statins for older adults? @cslnyt explains. 
RT @paula_span: Medicare and new physical therapy guidelines post is from @susanjaffe, by the way. And good news. 
RT @cslnyt: Do you have epilepsy that drugs can't control? Not a surgical candidate? My story about RNS. 
RT @cslnyt: Nitroglycerin is key if you're having a heart attack, but the drug is in short supply. 
Well: Exercising for Healthier Eyes 
Some Will Get An Extension On Insurance  
Pollution Killed 7 Million People Worldwide in 2012, Report Finds 
"Just relax, you'll get pregnant" - terrible advice for women struggling with infertility or is it a bit of truth?  
Enjoying your morning cup of Joe? You're not alone. Humans have cherished caffeine for ages. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: The Dreaded Turning-50 Test That Can Save Lives 
RT @celiadugger: New cholesterol guidelines may double # eligible,  nejm repts, raising more ?s about whether they were too broad. 
RT @cslnyt: He used to have 20 seizures a day. Now, he's had 3 in a month. A brain implant made the difference.  #epi…
The New Old Age Blog: A Quiet ‘Sea Change’ in Medicare 
Ebola, Killing Scores in Guinea, Threatens Nearby Nations 
Dreading your upcoming colonoscopy? A DNA test of your stool may be an adequate substitute. 
Reactions 
A Conversation With: Seeking Autism’s Biochemical Roots 
Smoking Stays Stubbornly High Among the Poor 
Global Health: China Reports Gains in Fighting Tuberculosis 
Easing Epilepsy With Battery Power 
The New Old Age: Guidelines May Double Statin Use 
Well: The Dreaded Turning-50 Test 
Well: “Caffeinated,” a History of Our Favorite Stimulant 
Norovirus: "One minute you’re fine, and the next you think you’re dying — or that dying would be preferable." 
RT @cslnyt: Liquid Nicotine for E-Cigarettes = Poison. Children at risk says @mrichtel 
RT @paula_span: Getting financial info before moving into a continuing care retiremt cmmty (CCRC): Not simple but this might help: 
RT @paula_span: Show Us the Money: Continuing Care Retirement Cmmty residents bring federal suit in California. 
Well: Stress May Affect Fertility 
Well: A Viral Misery That Loves Company 
E-Cigarettes Spawn Poison Sold by Barrel  
The New Old Age Blog: In Many States, Few Legal Rights for C.C.R.C. Residents 
Men, can chemicals found in plastic be harming your fertility? 
Well: A Threat to Male Fertility 
You asked, we answered: What are some exercises that actually strengthen your bones? #askwell 
Well: Inspired by Irish Soda Bread 
RT @celiadugger: Will employers drop hlth insurance &amp; send employees to ACA's market exchanges?  Zeke Emanuel says yes. 
Well: Don’t Blame Food Additives for Hives 
Well: Ask Well: Exercises to Strengthen Bones 
Well: Living With Cancer: The Cost of Trials 
Eek, bugs! What you do know about the bugs in your home? 
Well: The Diminishing Returns of Modern Medicine 
Quiz: What do you know about the creepy crawlies living under your roof. Take our quiz to find out. 
Ants, spiders, moths and flies - a look at the bugs in your home. 
RT @cslnyt: We shouldn't have to do "detective work" to find out how mercury is in fish @ronicaryn  
RT @cslnyt: Exciting! Protein May Hold Key to Who Gets Alzheimer’s @PamBelluck  
Well: Running as Therapy 
The New Old Age Blog: C.C.R.C. Residents Ask, ‘Where’s the Money?’ 
Well: The Bugs in Your Home Quiz 
Well: The Bugs in Our Homes 
Opinionator: A Wedding in Intensive Care 
Fetal Gene May Protect Brain From Alzheimer’s, Study Finds 
The warm-up routine that can save your knees. From @GretchenReynold 
Well: How a Warm-Up Routine Can Save Your Knees 
Rikers Island Struggles With a Surge in Violence and Mental Illness 
Your Money Adviser: When a Hospital Stay Is Not a Stay 
What do you know about the science of laughter? Take our quiz: 
A study questions the link between heart disease and saturated fat. 
Well: Study Questions Fat and Heart Disease Link 
Well: “Ha!” Takes a Serious Look at Humor 
Global Health: Schizophrenics and Home Care 
Well: Ha! The Quiz 
Well: Probiotic Eases Ills in Children 
RT @ronicaryn: Clarifying the mixed messages about eating fish: 
The Consumer: Sorting Out the Risks of Fish 
RT @celiadugger: Major clinical trials of mammography have not included women over 75, but experts caution against routine use. 
Well: The Unworried Unwell 
Avoid this treatment for uterine fibroids? 
Moist Brown Soda Bread Loaf With Oats 
Well: A Surgical Procedure’s Risks, Unmentioned 
RT @paula_span: Helping women over 75 decide whether to continue getting mammograms. Sort of helping. 
You asked, we answered: Do laser treatments for toe fungus really work? #askwell 
The New Old Age Blog: Mammography’s Limits, Seldom Understood 
Well: Ancient Grains for Breakfast 
In Rare Case, Woman With H.I.V. Infects Female Sex Partner, C.D.C. Says 
Should high schools adjust their start times to allow teens to sleep later? 
RT @cslnyt: Why can't high school start later than 8am? Inside the movt to let teens sleep in.  @JanHoffmanNYT
Well: Ask Well: Laser Treatments for Nail Fungus 
RT @StevenPetrow: The disclosure that took me nearly a lifetime to write: Young, #Gay and blaming myself for #Cancer - 
Well: To Keep Teenagers Alert, Schools Let Them Sleep In 
Well: Young, Gay and Blaming Myself for Cancer 
Well: Anger Can Set Off a Heart Attack 
There's some new technology out there designed to get you a better night's sleep. Does it work? 
Had a fight with your significant other? Try making up with him/her online: 
RT @paula_span: Why emergency rooms aren't good places for old people. @paulinechen explains. 
Well: Vitamin D May Lower Cholesterol 
Well: Emergency Rooms Are No Place for the Elderly 
He thought he was a fairly active person until he started using a fitness tracker. 
Parents: Are you too distracted by your phone? 
RT @nytimeswell: There's many new tech gadgets on the market that make biking safer. Here's a sampling of the coolest. #wiredwell 
Gel Protects Monkeys From H.I.V. After Sex, Study Finds 
RT @SophieEganNYT: Hovding, BitLock, Xfire, and beyond: advances in bike safety have arrived  @nytimeswell
Can running a marathon improve the health of your spouse? @GretchenReynold 
Does your kid play a rough sport? A new concussion cap can measure if a blow to the head is serious. @albertsun 
RT @paula_span: Hey, if your parent over age 65 gets food stamps, or you're over 65 and receive food stamps (SNAP), I want to talk to you.
RT @paula_span: Diagnosis is aortic stenosis. Is popular  "minimally invasive" procedure really better than traditional surgery? 
The New Old Age Blog: Questions About a Popular Heart Procedure 
World Briefing: Suit Filed in Haiti Cholera Epidemic 
Report Says Medication Use Is Rising for Adults With Attention Disorder 
Well: What Running Can Do for the Heart 
RT @cslnyt: Considering a treadmill desk?  @amy_harmon @KassieBracken
There's many new tech gadgets on the market that make biking safer. Here's a sampling of the coolest. #wiredwell 
Zombies, workout music and baby trackers: health tech for everyone: #wiredwell 
Have you used an activity tracker? Tell us about your experience. #wiredwell 
Fitbit, Jawbone, Shine: Which is the best activity tracker for you?  #wiredwell 
Video Graphic: What types of activity does your activity tracker see? What does it miss?#wiredwell 
Does the Fitbit or other activity trackers really help to make you more active? #wiredwell 
RT @KassieBracken: My colleague and friend @amy_harmon inspires envy at her cubicle with her treadmill desk:  #wiredw…
RT @cslnyt: A new smart scale can pinpoint the calories in homemade cake. At last.  #wiredwell
RT @GretchenReynold: This is why I remain a tech nudie #WiredWell  Activity Trackers Don’t Sense Everything 
RT @albertsun: Accelerometers track you while skating  and even if you're a dog  #wiredwell
RT @cslnyt: Not a "natural-born relaxer?" Try meditation apps @anahadoconnor #wiredwell 
RT @celiadugger: Big claims for brain games not yet backed by science, Tara Parker-Pope repts. #wiredwell 
RT @celiadugger: A mom eats with fork that glows read and vibrates when she wolfs her food. Delighted son gets chance to scold her. 
Well: The Monitored Man 
Well: Activity Trackers Don’t Sense Everything 
Well: A Concussion Monitor to Measure Hard Knocks 
Well: Share Your Wired Well Story 
Well: Better Eating With Smart Scales and Forks 
Well: After Online Dating, Online Making Up 
Well: Collecting Data on a Good Night’s Sleep 
Well: Zombies, Workout Music and Baby Trackers: Health Tech for Everyone 
Well: Finding the Right Pace on a Treadmill Desk 
Well: Gadgets to Boost Bike Safety 
Wearable activity trackers are increasingly popular with humans, so it’s not surprising they're being put on dogs.  
RT @paula_span: Five common tests/treatmts geriatricians want patients to question and doctors to pretty much stop. 
Recipes for Health: Rolled Oats With Amaranth Seeds, Maple Syrup and Apple 
Well: Every Dog Has Its Data 
The New Old Age Blog: Geriatricians Question Five Common Treatments 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Solved! 
Well: Building a Meal Around Roasted Vegetables 
Looking to live someplace free of allergens?You may be out of luck. 
Well: Why High-Impact Exercise Is Good for Your Bones 
RT @celiadugger: Another e-cigs study that doesn't settle whether a gateway to smoking or path to quitting. Need stronger methodology. http…
Well: Allergies Are Everywhere 
Well: Living With Cancer: Finding Calm in the Storm 
Can you solve a medical mystery involving a man who gets sweaty and starts vomiting uncontrollably every few weeks? 
Young Users of E-Cigarettes Less Likely to Quit Smoking, Study Finds 
RT @celiadugger: A 2nd baby born HIV positive seems cleared of virus with early, aggressive treatment. Clinical trial to start soon. http:/…
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Sweating It Out 
Study Gives Hope of Altering Genes to Repel H.I.V. 
Can you solve the medical mystery? A 25-year-old man gets nauseated every few weeks. Tune in at 12AM ET to guess. 
The New Old Age Blog: Music Born of Magical Thinking 
How fat may hurt the brain, and how exercise may help. 
Well: How Fat May Hurt the Brain, and How Exercise May Help 
Do you really need to breast feed your baby? 
Well: Is Breast-Feeding Really Better? 
How has your life been touched by breast cancer? Read our readers' stories and submit your own. 
The chance of surviving breast cancer is much greater for white women than for blacks, and the divide is widening. 
RT @paula_span: Suspicions confirmed by new study: For-profit hospices more likely to bounce patients before death than nonprofits. 
RT @cslnyt: Should makers of infant sleep machines limit the maximum noise level? Comment here: 
A Powerful New Way to Edit DNA 
Well: The Breast Cancer Racial Gap 
Letters: The Effects of Roommates (1 Letter) 
Global Health: Heart Problems Linked to Those Born With H.I.V. 
On Medicine: Florence Nightingale’s Wisdom 
LSD, Reconsidered for Therapy 
The New Old Age Blog: Differences in Care at For-Profit Hospices 
White noise machines used to help babies sleep may get loud enough to damage hearing, says study in Pediatrics.  
Well: Take Blood Pressure in Both Arms 
Inadequately treated pain can hasten the death of an older adult by interfering with exercise, eating or socializing. 
Recipes for Health: Roasted Winter Vegetable Medley 
Well: Birth by C-Section May Raise Obesity Risk 
RT @cslnyt: Rare Gene Protects Against Type2 Diabetes @ginakolata 
RT @cslnyt: Some infant sleep machines deliver noise "unsafe for full-grown adults in mines” 
RT @cslnyt: Listen to some soothing "white noise" suggested for infants 
Well: The Perils of Toughing It Out 
Infant Sleep Machines at Maximum Volume Reported as Hearing Risk 
E.P.A. Set to Reveal Tough New Sulfur Emissions Rule 
Remaking Medicine: New Law’s Demands on Doctors Have Many Seeking a Network 
Rare Gene Found to Protect Against Type 2 Diabetes 
Well: The Pasta Is Gluten-Free 
RT @paula_span: Hospices and prisons: Why I'm rooting for "Prison Terminal" for best documentary short subject Oscar. 
Maybe you should ask your doctor to clean his stethoscope once in a while. 
Lives: Let’s Go Ride a Bike 
Innovation: Who Made That Antiperspirant? 
The New Old Age Blog: ‘Somebody That Nobody Thought I Could Be’ 
Well: Ask Well: Medicines for Motion Sickness 
Well: Stethoscopes as Germ Carriers 
RT @celiadugger: A young man with schizophrenia writes about his struggle for normalcy. 
Well: Can Doctors Be Taught How to Talk to Patients? 
"A constant need to move felt like ants crawling over my skin," says Michael Hedrick, who has schizophrenia. 
New F.D.A. Nutrition Labels Would Make ‘Serving Sizes’ Reflect Actual Servings 
Well: Schizophrenic and Wanting to Connect 
Disbelief After Egypt Announces Cures for AIDS, Hepatitis C 
RT @celiadugger: Men may have a biological clock of sorts, too. Study finds kids of older dads have more mental illnesses. 
Well: New DNA Test Better at Predicting Some Disorders in Babies, Study Finds 
Mental Illness Risk Higher for Children of Older Parents, Study Finds 
The New Old Age: A Shortage of Caregivers 
RT @celiadugger: Really good news: Obesity Rate for Young Children Plummets 43% in a Decade 
Is high intensity interval training the secret to a quick workout? 
Well: How to Get Fit in a Few Minutes a Week 
How  much thought have you given to your child's college roommate? 
The obesity rate among young children has dropped 43% in the last decade. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: A virus that that is widespread and apparently harmless in camels can kill humans. Camels Linked to MERS  in People htt…
RT @celiadugger: FDA considers allowing research on making babies with DNA from 3 people as way to avoid defective mitochondria. 
Obesity Rate for Young Children Plummets 43% in a Decade 
F.D.A. Meeting Considers Controversial Fertility Procedure 
How has your life been touched by breast cancer? Read our readers' stories and submit your own. 
Breast cancer is not always pink. Here are the faces of men with breast cancer. 
Eureka: The Secret to a Bulletproof Antidoping Test? 
Camels Linked to Spread of Deadly Virus in People 
Well: When Men Get Breast Cancer 
Books: Secrets of the Ages 
Saying “I do” is good for blood pressure. 
Well: Blood Pressure Drugs Tied to Risk of Falls 
18 &amp; Under: How a College Roommate Can Affect Your Child 
Global Health: Indonesia Urged to Spend to Make Birth Less Risky 
RT @paula_span: Most older women can stop with the Pap tests already -- but don't. New Old Age blog: 
The New Old Age Blog: Pap Smears in Perpetuity 
There's some good news for those with hepatitis C. 
Well: Marriage May Be Good for Your Blood Pressure 
RT @cslnyt: Are E-Cigarettes are a friend or foe? @stavernise  
RT @celiadugger: Texting &amp; walking bad idea &amp;  not just for the suckers walking just behind you. It changes your stride. 
RT @celiadugger: Antifreeze, which tasted sweet and poisoned pets and people, too, will now taste bitter. 
Well: Progress Against Hepatitis C, a Sneaky Virus 
The New Smoke: A Hot Debate Over E-Cigarettes as a Path to Tobacco, or From It 
RT @paula_span: Prepaid debit cards might make sense for seniors w/problems managing money. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Better Credit Card 
The effort to make antifreeze less delicious: 
RT @celiadugger: Obese and overweight elderly women have greater risk of losing ability to walk. 
Well: How Do You Like These Apples? 
Well: Making Antifreeze Less Deadly for Pets, and People 
You asked, we answered: I can fall asleep, but i can't stay asleep. Why? #askwell 
"The targeted cancer drug extending my life is killing my hair." 
Well: Sleep Apnea May Worsen Diabetes 
Well: Ask Well: Awake at 2 A.M. 
RT @cslnyt: 670,000 kids get ear tubes annually. If their ears get infected, ear drops are best, says a new @nejm study. 
Well: Living With Cancer: Wigged Out 
Deception encapsulates what we dread most in a doctor-patient relationship, and yet it is there in medicine.  
Well: The Lies That Doctors and Patients Tell 
RT @cslnyt: Does your child have ear tubes? Read this  
RT @paula_span: Paging Michelle Obama: We're learning about the dangers of overweight and obesity for older women: 
Well: The Difficult Balance of Texting While Walking 
California Health Insurance Enrollments Rise, but Hispanics Still Lag 
Study finds drops are best treatment for ear tube-related dripping. 
Well: Study Finds Drops Are Best Treatment for Ear Tube-Related Dripping 
RT @cslnyt: Does driving stoned increase crash risk?  
The New Old Age Blog: Weight Gain and Older Women 
Enjoying the crazy acrobatics of the Olympic skiers? Their risky behavior may be motivated by DNA.  
Well: Learning to Cut the Sugar 
Well: The Genetics of Being a Daredevil 
Doctors Train to Evaluate Anxiety Cases in Children 
A Canadian study that produced negative results for mammography may give renewed momentum to clinical and self-exams. 
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Why does it feel so good to scratch? @nytDeniseGrady on the science of itchiness: 
A Big Bet on Gluten-Free  
Letters: Understanding Opioid Abuse (2 Letters) 
The Consumer: A Fresh Case for Breast Self-Exams 
A New Kind of Transplant Bank 
Take a Number: Why Russian Men Don’t Live as Long 
Letters: Understanding Opioid Abuse (1 Letter) 
Letter: The Distinct Role of Nurses (1 Letter) 
Itching: More Than Skin-Deep 
Q&amp;A: The Tall and the Small 
Books: ‘The Answer to the Riddle Is Me,’ a Debut, Takes On Memory Loss 
Global Health: Treating Tuberculosis and AIDS Together Saves Lives 
"Being the full-time caregiver of a family member with Alzheimer’s requires constant adjustments." 
Driving Under the Influence, of Marijuana 
Recipes for Health: Apple Compote 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Medicines Made in India Set Off Safety Worries 
Well: Caring for the Alzheimer’s Caregiver 
Disgraced Scientist Granted U.S. Patent for Work Found to be Fraudulent 
Medicines Made in India Set Off Safety Worries 
The New Old Age Blog: A Funeral Fraud 
Four dinners from one pot of beans. 
A doctor's view on alcoholism. 
RT @cslnyt: Don't leave #ValentinesDay chocolate out, if you have a dog.  @ASPCA
Well: One Pot of Beans, Four Dinners 
Well: Ask Well: The Problem With Dogs and Chocolate 
Federal Agency and New York State Are in Accord Over $8 Billion Medicaid Waiver 
National Briefing RT @cslnyt: Just how little fluoride toothpaste does a toddler need? See a smear here  @jshenkin
U.S. Backs New Global Initiative Against Infectious Diseases 
Hiss! Beware a cat's bite, it's worse than a dog's. 
Well: Alcoholism Through a Doctor’s Eyes 
That advice overturns the American Dental Association's decades-old recommendation. 
If you're brushing a baby's teeth, you should include fluoride, says the American Dental Association. @ADANews 
Well: Beware of a Cat’s Bite 
Well: Dental Group Advises Fluoride Toothpaste Before Age 2 
Well: Young Adults Need Flu Shots Too 
Are vitamins bad for your workout? 
RT @celiadugger: Are mammograms worth it? Big careful study may make women wonder. 
RT @celiadugger: What are women -- long told they must get mammograms -- to make of new study that tests may do more harm than good? http:/…
Well: Why Vitamins May Be Bad for Your Workout 
World Briefing: Canada: Healthy Baby Is Delivered by Woman Declared Brain-Dead 
Creators Still in Demand on Health Care Website 
For Women, a More Complicated Choice on Mammograms 
Study Adds New Doubts About Value of Mammograms 
The New Old Age Blog: What Makes Older People Happy 
Well: Parents Are Poor Judges of Children’s Weight 
RT @cslnyt: For kids under 3, use a tiny bit of fluoride toothpaste &amp; a pea-size amount for 3 to 6 yr-olds, NEW rules say @ADANews
Should medical school tests be multiple choice? Is there ever a single best answer in the real world of medicine? 
Ban Sought on Microbeads in Beauty Items 
Health Insurance Enforcement Delayed Again for Some Employers 
Global Health: Poor Nations Seek New Hepatitis C Drug 
Well: Movie Date Night Can Double as Therapy 
Planning a date night with your spouse? A chick flick may improve your marriage: 
Letters: New Approach to Mental Illness (2 Letters) 
Hard Cases: The Real World Is Not an Exam 
RT @celiadugger: Only fraction of boys and girls who need the hpv vaccine to prevent cancers are getting them,  panel warns. 
Well: A Patient’s-Eye-View of Nurses 
Well: Seeking the Keys to Longevity in ‘What Makes Olga Run?’ 
Prescription Painkillers Seen as a Gateway to Heroin 
Shortages of Critical Drugs Continue to Vex Doctors, Study Finds 
You asked, we answered: Are those formulas for maximal heart rate really valid? #askwell 
Ask Well: Maximal Heart Rate 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: A painful illness, carried by mosquitoes, is spreading fast. Virus Advances Through East Caribbean 
Recipes for Health: A Big Pot of Simmered Pintos 
Well: Tackling Menopause’s Side Effects 
Report Says Not Enough Children Get HPV Vaccine 
Virus Advances Through East Caribbean 
The New Old Age Blog: ‘Aid in Dying’ Sentiment Gathers Momentum 
9,000 children under 12 died in car accidents from 2002 to 2011; mostly they were not in child seats or seatbelts. 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Stomach Bug Solved! 
Well: One-Wok Meals 
9,000 children under 12 died in car accidents from 2002 to 201; mostly they were not in child seats or seatbelts.  
An artist's view on cancer.   
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Hysterectomy &amp; fibroid risk: Uterine Surgical Technique Is Linked to Abnormal Growths and Cancer Spread 
RT @paula_span: Sex and seniors: Medicare overpays for vacuum erection systems (a/k/a penis pumps). Wait, it covers penis pumps? ?
Well: Car Seats Save Lives but Still Underused 
Uterine Surgical Technique Is Linked to Abnormal Growths and Cancer Spread 
‘House’ Plays a Role in Solving a Medical Mystery 
Well: Living With Cancer: An Artist’s View 
In the news: shivering as exercise, CVS and peanut allergies. Test your knowledge of this week’s health news.  
The New Old Age Blog: No Sex, Please, We’re on Medicare 
Can you figure out what's wrong with of a woman who has a stomach ailment identical to one she suffered years ago? 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Doctors can give women more time before resorting to cesarean or forceps.Childbirth Study Sees Longer Labor as Normal h…
Well: Sugary Foods Increase Heart Risks 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Return of the Stomach Bug 
Well: The Workout: Training to Bobsled 
Well: Colds During Pregnancy Linked to Asthma in Children 
Well: Shivering as a Form of Exercise 
Cases of New Deadly Bird Flu Surge in China, Experts Say 
RT @paula_span: Why Americans are the Alfred E. Neumans of the world when it comes to attitudes on aging. @pewresearch explains. 
N.I.H. Joins Drug Makers and Nonprofits on Stubborn Diseases 
The New Old Age Blog: What, Us Worry? 
Jonathan Nuñez had a liver transplant in which he kept part of his old organ. Look at him now: 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: The medical illustrator had a pushy mother. In ‘Medicine’s Michelangelo,’ Dr. Frank Netter’s Life in Pictures 
RT @celiadugger: Viva glam sales of lipstick by fund major AIDS charity. Signs Rihanna as it's face. 
RT @celiadugger: NYC awash in cheap heroin of kind that killed Philip Seymour Hoffman.  
Study Finds Changes in Brains of Hockey Players Who Had Concussions 
Global Health: Rihanna Joins Viva Glam by MAC to Fight AIDS 
Testosterone products can carry seriously increased risks along with its benefits, recent studies have found. 
Ethics Questions Arise as Genetic Testing of Embryos Increases 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: An operation can give kids who need liver transplants a chance at life without drugs. Alive With a New, Old Liver http:…
Well: Alive With a New, Old Liver 
Books: In ‘Medicine’s Michelangelo,’ Dr. Frank Netter’s Life in Pictures 
The Consumer: Weighing Testosterone’s Benefits and Risks 
RT @ginakolata: A problem in Affordable Care Act's research agenda 
Well: Reaction Time May Predict Longevity 
Recipes for Health: Stir-Fried Brown Rice With Red Chard and Carrots 
What's behind the rise in peanut allergies?  
RT @paula_span: The best med: Even if you've been sedentary for years, starting exercise helps you stay healthier, age better. 
RT @celiadugger: Abortions declining, and in NY NJ and CA which have liberal abortion laws.  
Well: As Peanut Allergies Rise, Trying to Determine a Cause 
The New Old Age Blog: The Policy Lapsed, but No One Knew 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Responding to Critics, Gynecology Board Reverses Ban on Treating Male Patients 
Well: Winter Cabbage With a Mediterranean Flair 
Well: Ask Well: Parabens in Our Lotions and Shampoos 
Op-Ed Contributors: We Are Giving Ourselves Cancer 
Responding to Critics, Gynecology Board Reverses Ban on Treating Male Patients 
Well: Shopping Cart Injuries Remain Common 
Well: When Doctors Give Patients Money 
Well: Low Vitamin D Tied to a Pregnancy Risk 
Well: Study Adds to Concern About Cardiac Risks for Older Men Taking Testosterone 
Obesity Takes Hold Early in Life, Study Finds 
The New Old Age Blog: A Decision Deferred: Turning Off the Pacemaker 
Well: My Coach, the Bully 
Well: Exercise to Age Well, Whatever Your Age 
House Votes for Tighter Restrictions on Federal Payments for Abortions 
Well: Share Your Story About Postpartum Depression 
Antibiotics in Animals Tied to Risk of Human Infection 
Global Health: No Longer Leading Killer, Plague Still Raises Fears 
Q&amp;A: Taking a Restful Position 
Well: Me Versus the Scale 
Bodies Not Made for Space 
The New Old Age Blog: The Older Mind May Just Be a Fuller Mind 
Well: Goodbye to the Doctor’s White Coat? 
Cabbage and Pepper Chakchoukah 
Inside City’s Water Tanks, Layers of Neglect 
Well: Helping Smokers Quit, or Not Start in the First Place 
Schumer Proposes ‘Avonte’s Law’ to Protect Children With Autism 
Sports of The Times: For a Cowboys Star With Dementia, Time Is Running Out 
The New Old Age Blog: The Company I Keep 
Well: The Comfort of Vegetable Gratins 
Well: Treat Reckless Driving Like Drunk Driving 
Screen Time Study Finds Education Drop-Off 
Well: Ask Well: Stairs and Knee Pain 
Well: Living With Cancer: Life of the Party 
Well: Sunshine May Benefit Blood Pressure 
Well: Teaching Doctors the Art of Negotiation 
A Second Chemical Was Part of West Virginia Chemical Spill, Company Reveals 
App Smart: Watch What You Eat, Using Your Phone 
Well: Pain Relievers May Amplify Flu Spread 
The New Old Age Blog: When They Don’t Know They Are Ill 
Well: What’s In Your Fish Oil Supplements? 
Well: How Inactivity Changes the Brain 
Well: How Inactivity Changes the Brain 
A Pasture for the Pigs 
Seeing X Chromosomes in a New Light 
On View: ‘Broken Bodies, Suffering Spirits’ at the Mütter Museum 
Raw Data: New Truths That Only One Can See 
Letters: Treat Humans, Too 
Letters: An Outdated Solution 
Q&amp;A: Fighting a Cold 
The New Old Age Blog: A Risk in Caring for Abusive Parents 
Well: A Taste of My Own Manners 
Well: Thyroid Supplements With a Kick 
Global Health: W.H.O. May Begin Webcast of Health Minister Meeting 
Recipes for Health: Roasted Squash and Red Onion Gratin With Quinoa 
Well: Coming a Long Way on Smoking, With a Way to Go 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Red Herrings Solved! 
Well: Orange Is the New Green 
Well: Ask Well: How Long Does a Flu Shot Last? 
List of Smoking-Related Illnesses Grows Significantly in U.S. Report 
Well: Landscapes Tainted by Asbestos 
List of Smoking-Related Illnesses Grows Significantly in U.S. Report 
The New Old Age Blog: Reader Comments in the New Design 
Guinea Worm Cases Drop by More Than 70% 
The New Old Age Blog: An Osteoarthritis Primer 
Well: Lots of New Patients, Too Few Doctors 
Can you figure out what is wrong with a former volleyball player who develops some odd pains and a swollen foot? 
Well: Probiotics May Ease Stomach Upset in Babies 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A School of Red Herrings 
H.I.V.-Positive Person, Told Otherwise, Is Sought 
Public Hospitals Hope to Attract More Upscale Patients Under Affordable Care Act 
Well: Can Heavier People Really Be Healthier? 
How Bluetooth devices are helping the hard of hearing: 
Well: Shoring Up Those Fitness Resolutions 
Can you think like a doctor? A young woman develops odd pains and a swollen foot. Check  at 6AM ET tomorrow to guess!
Maybe it's never too late to become an ultra-marathoner. 
Well: Giving Vaccines Together Increases Fever Risk 
Well: Better Hearing Through Bluetooth 
Ads Attacking on Health Law Stagger Outspent Democrats 
Suing to End Life Support for Woman and Fetus 
Well: What Ultra-Marathons Do to Our Bodies 
Even Supporters Question Cuomo’s Marijuana Plan 
Well: Coffee as a Memory Booster 
RT @paula_span: Musings on quality of life in old age, even with serious illness, and on whether the generation gap lives. 
Nose jobs, eye-lifts and facial reconstructions...for dogs.  
RT @nytimes: MTV's "16 and Pregnant" and its spinoffs might have prevented as many as 20,000 births to teen moms in 2010 
RT @cslnyt: "Making physicians into secretaries is not a winning proposition" Enter scribes.  
The New Old Age Blog: Generation Y-Me 
Mixed Reports on State Health Exchange 
New Mexico Judge Affirms Right to ‘Aid in Dying’ 
Letters: A Chiropractor’s Side (1 Letter) 
Well Pets: Rebuilding Our Badly Broken Pets 
Global Health: PETA’s Donation to Help Save Lives, Animal and Human 
Books: ‘American Psychosis’ Attacks Mental Health Care 
Hard Cases: What Patients Don’t Tell Their Doctors 
RT @celiadugger: Quiz: pick the twin in paired photos who smoked, or smoked more. 
e a resolution to lose weight this year? Here are Jane Brody's tried-and-true weight loss tips.
RT @celiadugger: New for burned out drs: scribes to follow in their wake, doing the paperwork in real time. 
Carrot, Squash and Potato Ragout With Thai Flavors 
Well: Mediterranean Diet for Diabetes 
MTV’s ‘16 and Pregnant,’ Derided by Some, May Resonate as a Cautionary Tale 
Aiming to Push Genomics Forward in New Study 
Well: The Empty Diet Claim Season 
The Wait Continues for Safe Tap Water in West Virginia 
U.S. Parts Ways With Contractor for Troubled Health Website 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: What is brain death, and who has the right to decide--the hospital, or the family--when and whether to pull the plug? h…
The New Old Age Blog: Fighting ‘Observation’ Status 
You asked, we answered: Is jogging bad for older people?   Ask your health question: #askwell.
Well: Tonics and Teas 
Quiz: Can you guess which individual from a set of identical twins is the smoker? 
RT @cslnyt: What is brain death? @bencareynyt &amp; @nytDeniseGrady explain 
Well: Ask Well: Is Jogging Bad for Older People? 
Polio in Syria Is Said to Be Under Control 
Why do some patients send letters to the doctor after a loved-one's death? 
The Science Behind Brain Death 
RT @PamBelluck: A different way to deal with sleep apnea. Story by @cslnyt 
Well: Letters to the Doctor 
How do short track speedskaters train to build endurance and strength in their legs? @anahadoconnor finds out. 
RT @celiadugger: McNeil lays out short, fascinating history of cholera, based on new genes from 1849. 
RT @celiadugger: May be surgical alt treatment for sleep apnea but no control group in small study. So still early days. 
Well: The Workout: Speedskating With Eddy Alvarez 
Food Companies Have Cut Back on Calories, Study Says 
Bird Flu Cited by Officials in Death of Canadian 
With Help of Victims From 1849, Scientists Decode Early Strain of Cholera 
Well: For Sleep Apnea Patients, a Possible Alternative to Masks 
Did the recent recession make people feel physically ill? A study of Google queries suggests it did. 
How to you feel when you see someone else exercising? Your body shape may have something to do with those feelings. 
Well: Hard Times and Headaches 
RT @cslnyt: Who knew you can get bounced from hospice?  @newoldage
RT @cslnyt: This is cool: A New No-Blood Malaria Test 
Well: How Being Heavy or Lean Shapes Our View of Exercise 
Report Finds More Flaws in Digitizing Patient Files 
Pregnant, and Forced to Stay on Life Support 
Contributing Op-Ed Writer: How Many Cheers for Cheerios? 
RT @cslnyt: Cricket energy bars. Seriously.  @nytdining
RT @paula_span: Why do dying old people get bounced from hospice care? 
Burning, pain, skin discoloration: what are the risks of laser hair removal? 
The New Old Age Blog: Bounced From Hospice 
A Search for Self in a Brain Scan 
The Brain, in Exquisite Detail 
Letters: In Defense of DNA Testing (1 Letter) 
Letters: A Mixed Bag in H.I.V. Prevention (1 Letter) 
Global Health: A New Test for Malaria, No Blood Required 
Should doctors "Google" their patients? And what should they do with the information they find? 
Well: Laser Hair Removal’s Risks 
Study Finds More Diabetic Hospital Visits When Food Budgets Dip 
Well: When Doctors ‘Google’ Their Patients 
Well: Symptoms of Torn Artery Are Easy to Miss 
With Marijuana Access on the Horizon, Patients Fear Potential Restrictions 
Well: Are Sugary Drinks Fattening? Depends Who You Ask 
Well: Shingles Can Increase Heart Attack Risk 
The New Old Age Blog: The Getting Was Good 
Access to Health Care May Increase ER Visits, Study Suggests 
RT @paula_span: High dose Vitamin E preserves function in Alzheimer's patients. Some. Modestly. For a while. @PamBelluck explains. 
RT @celiadugger: Few gay men adopting drug to prevent hiv. Story explores why. 
Well: Distracted Drivers and New Drivers a Perilous Mix 
You asked, we answered: Is nail polish harmful? Have a health question? #askwell. 
Well: Missing a Cancer Diagnosis 
Well: Ask Well: Is Nail Polish Harmful? 
Well: Navigating Our World Like Birds and Bees 
Millions Gaining Health Coverage Under Law 
The New Old Age Blog: Study: Vitamin E May Help Slow Alzheimer’s Decline 
Well: An Auspicious New Year’s Day Buffet 
A Fix for Stress-Related Pelvic Pain 
A Resisted Pill to Prevent H.I.V. 
Global Health: $1 Million Prize for Pakistani Pediatrician 
Books: ‘One Doctor’ Provides Abundant Insights 
The Scan: Visual Delights on Film and Science-Driven Theater 
Well: Celebrity Cancer Diagnosis Spurs Smokers to Try to Quit 
Official Who Oversaw Health Law’s Rollout Is Retiring 
3-Bean Good Luck Salad With Cumin Vinaigrette 
I Had My DNA Picture Taken, With Varying Results 
Well: With A-Fib Rhythms, Higher Odds of Stroke 
A.D.H.D. Experts Re-evaluate Study’s Zeal for Drugs 
The New Old Age Blog: Medicare to Cover More Mental Health Costs 
Well: Adding Citrus to Salads and Desserts 
Well: Ask Well: Is It Good to Sweat? 
Quiz: How well do you know this week's health news? 
Well: Acupuncture, Real or Not, Eases Side Effects of Cancer Drugs 
Meet Sister Kenney, a Australian nurse who beat out Eleanor Roosevelt in 1952 to be America's most admired woman. 
RT @celiadugger: NYTimes: Common Knee Surgery Does Very Little for Some, Study Suggests 
Well: A Nurse Gains Fame in the Days of Polio 
China Investigates Vaccine Maker After Infant Deaths 
Well: For Fitness, Intensity Matters 
Let your kids play with their food, says @PerriKlass 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Should gynecologists treat men? The profession grapples with a Gender Question. 
Well: Eating Nuts in Pregnancy Tied to Lower Allergy Risk in Offspring 
A Conversation With Holbrook Kohrt: A Doctor’s Intimate View of Hemophilia 
RT @paula_span: What proportion of seniors adapt to disability, restrict activities, etc. @judith_graham explains new findings. 
Should gynecologists be allowed to treat men? 
Global Health: Preserving Vaccines 
Well: Overturning the Myth of Valley Girl Speak 
Personal Health: Taking Life Into Your Own Hands 
Gynecology’s Gender Question 
The New Old Age Blog: How Seniors Manage to Adapt 
Mind: A New Focus on Depression 
Letters: Aggression’s Positives (1 Letter) 
Letters : Dental Frustration (1 Letter) 
Well: To Smoosh Peas Is to Learn 
RT @anahadoconnor: The dietary supplement industry lacks oversight, and consumers pay the price. My story in Sunday's Times: 
RT @anahadoconnor: The risky business of dietary supplements.  
Recipes for Health: Beet, Orange and Arugula Salad 
Well: Life, Interrupted: By a Dog 
Michiaki Takahashi, 85, Who Tamed Chickenpox, Dies 
Janet D. Rowley, Who Discovered That Cancer Can Be Genetic, Dies at 88 
Well: One Mushroom Ragoût, Five Meals 
Well: Fashion at a Very High Price 
How has breast cancer touched your life. Read our readers' stories and submit your own:  
“With no hair and a spit cup thanks to the oral thrush, I felt totally unsexy.” Read Candice's story. Share yours:  
The majority of gains in treating breast cancer have bypassed black women. @taraparkerpope 
Who says laughter is the best medicine? 
RT @celiadugger: Moving video of Mary Singleton, wise mother w/ breast cancer, and her son who's come home to Memphis to care for her. http…
RT @cslnyt: Only 56% of black women live 5 yrs after breast cancer diagnosis; 70% white women do. Why?  @taraparkerpo…
Well: The Pies That Bind 
A Stark Gap in Breast Cancer Deaths 
The Cancer Divide: Tackling a Racial Gap in Breast Cancer Survival 
Well: Who Says Laughter’s the Best Medicine? 
Well: Garlic Fails to Curb Yeast Infections 
You asked, we answered: What's the best way to clean a baby bottle? #askwell 
Well: Aging and the Art of Losing 
RT @ginakolata: New blood pressure guidelines. Amazing how hard it is to get rigorous evidence on key questions. 
Well: High Chair Hazards 
Well: Ask Well: How to Clean Baby Bottles 
Well: 3 Things to Know About the New Blood Pressure Guidelines 
Scientists have peered inside the skull of animals that had just had a concussion. The results are sobering.  
The New Old Age Blog: From Scientists, Gift Ideas for the Elderly 
RT @cslnyt: 8.5% of seniors smoke cigarettes daily; 6.5% smoke marijuana daily, up a little from 2010  @anahadoconnor
RT @celiadugger: People over 60 can have bp 150/90, not 140/90. Big change to goals in place for over 30 yrs. Some docs disagree. 
Blood Pressure Guidelines Can Be Loosened, Panel Says 
Well: Single-Parent Household Linked to Hypertension in Offspring 
Well: Increasing Marijuana Use in High School Is Reported 
Well: What Happens in the Brain After a Concussion 
Sex after childbirth? In the weeks after a newborn’s arrival, it may seem as far-fetched as nightclubbing. 
RT @paula_span: Does your employer offer back-up eldercare? Hundreds do, and more are signing up. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Way to Stay on the Job 
Obama to Seek Advice on Portal at Tech Meeting 
Study Links Autism and Somalis in Minneapolis 
Mind: Terrible Twos Who Stay Terrible 
RT @paula_span: Paid leave for childcare and eldercare? Two Democratic congresswomen launch campaign to support working caregivers. 
RT @cslnyt: Did you experience sexual problems after childbirth? 
Global Health: A Simple Community Health Remedy in Mali 
The Consumer: A Challenge to Vitamins 
How is it possible for a child to have three biological parents? Meet one who does. 
A Lifelong Fight Against Trans Fat 
Well: Restarting Desire, Afterward 
Well: Three Biological Parents and a Baby 
Books: Separating a Son From a Down Syndrome Diagnosis in ‘Raising Henry’ 
A Gap in the Affordable Care Act 
Mushroom Ragoût 
F.D.A. to Require Proof That Antibacterial Soaps Are Safe 
Are antibacterial soaps safe? The F.D.A. wants to find out. 
Well: Ask Well: Benefits of Swimming 
Well: Music and the Young Brain 
Well: Raw Milk a Hazard for Children and Pregnant Women 
Well: Keeping Little Breaths Flowing 
New Rule to Make it Easier for Veterans to Get Health Care for Some Traumatic Injuries 
The Selling of Attention Deficit Disorder 
Jack Fishman, Who Helped Develop a Drug to Treat Overdoses, Dies at 83 
World Briefing The New Old Age Blog: A Federal Proposal for Paid Family Leave 
Well: Nuts About Greens 
Sugar or fat? What's the sinful part of your favorite dessert that makes you over-indulge? 
RT @celiadugger: Sabrina Tavernise on legal tactic of tobacco companies to delat or block anti-smoking laws globally.  
RT @celiadugger: Should terminally ill children in physical agony be able to choose death?  Belgium considers. 
Tobacco Industry Tactics Limit Poorer Nations’ Smoking Laws 
Well: In Food Cravings, Sugar Trumps Fat 
The New Old Age Blog: Dialysis Takes a Toll 
Video: Featured "Nutcracker" ballet dancer reveals the secret of his strength. 
Doctor and Patient: Are Today’s New Surgeons Unprepared? 
RT @anahadoconnor: My latest "Workout" profile, on Robert Fairchild of the New York City Ballet. One heck of a dancer (and great guy): http…
RT @cslnyt: F.D.A. phases out indiscriminate use of antibiotics in meat - a start?  @stavernise
Broader Approach Urged to Reduce Gun Violence 
What type of fitness routine does it take to be a part of "The Nutcracker"? @anahadoconnor  found out. 
Well: The Workout: Dancing in ‘The Nutcracker’ 
Does the health care system focus too much on medication and not enough on the benefits of physical activity? 
RT @cslnyt: Have you taken acid suppressors for 2+yrs? You are more likely to be vitamin B12 deficient, a new JAMA study says 
RT @cslnyt: Ob-gyns still not allowed to treat all men. Yes for Cancer. NO for pelvic pain. h/t @nytdenisegrady 
Well: Limits of Vitamin D Supplements 
Well: Exercise as Potent Medicine 
Well: Acid-Suppressing Drugs Linked to Vitamin B12 Deficiency 
Under pressure to be productive, how much health advice can a physician produce while still providing quality? 
RT @cslnyt: Humans can’t make vitamins besides D &amp; K. Ancestors could make more, but lost that ability. AMAZING  @car…
Organic whole milk contains more of the fatty acids that contribute to a healthy heart than conventional milk. 
RT @celiadugger: Organic milk may actually be better for you.  
RT @Jeffdelviscio: Did you take your vitamins today? Do you know why? @carlzimmer on why we die without them: 
The New Old Age Blog: In Search of What He’s Owed 
Letters: Palliative Care Shortage (1 Letter) 
RT @celiadugger: Jane Brody says eat your nuts! 
Well: Idea of Healthy Obesity Is Tested 
Global Health: New Hurdles for Preemies 
Well: A Doctor’s Formula for Care 
One Mind’s Long Decay Finally Ends 
.@JaneBrody goes nuts over nuts.  
RT @celiadugger: F.D.A. Approves Pill to Treat Hep C. Each pill costs $1000! 
Recipes for Health: Mixed Grains Risotto With Kale, Walnuts and Black Quinoa 
On Health Exchanges, Premiums May Be Low, but Other Costs Can Be High 
Well: Snacking Your Way to Better Health 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Eyes Solved 
Is life expectancy affected if you do “extreme” exercise like ultra-marathons, iron-man races, etc? 
RT @cslnyt: Hospital error is 3rd leading cause of death  @tirosenberg
Well: Cooking Light With Seafood 
The New Old Age Blog: Tracking a Thief, Once You Know There Is One 
Well: Food Allergies Less Deadly Than Accidents 
Genetic Tester to Stop Providing Data on Health Risks 
Meningitis Outbreak Strikes Two Universities 
Well: High Body Mass Linked to Hearing Loss in Women 
How well do you know this week's health news? 
Living With Cancer: Nude Mice 
Ask Well: Endurance Exercise and Life Span 
"I’m a sexually confident woman, but the cost of these pills was giving me performance anxiety," says Joyce Wadler. 
Can you solve a medical mystery involving a boy with a high fever, a single swollen gland and no source of infection? 
Does sex count as exercise? @GretchenReynold investigates. 
RT @celiadugger: Urgent need to focus on poor black and Hispanic men to slow HIV spread.  
RT @cslnyt: “Yes, I use condoms. But I’m not going to lie. I slip sometimes." The new face of H.I.V. 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Eyes Have It 
Well: Sex as Exercise 
Poor Black and Hispanic Men Are Face of H.I.V. 
Muscle aches from statins? Drug interactions may play a role. 
The New Old Age Blog: Dialysis Raises Hard Questions for Older Patients 
Can you solve the case? What's wrong this boy with a fever and a single swollen gland? Check @nytimeswell 6AM ET tomorrow to solve the case!
RT @celiadugger: Good ?: When Is It Safe to Drive After Breaking a Bone? 
RT @cslnyt: Can you walk a mile in 15min? 
Well: Muscle Aches From Statins? Drug Interactions May Play a Role 
Taking a walk during lunch time today? Pick up the pace for some added health benefits. 
Obama to Defend Health Law as Economic Benefit 
Well: Why a Brisk Walk Is Better 
$12 Billion Is Pledged to Fight AIDS, TB and Malaria 
Rare Cancer Treatments, Cleared by F.D.A. but Not Subject to Scrutiny 
Would you consider neutering your dog with an injection as opposed to a surgical procedure? 
Well: When Is It Safe to Drive After Breaking a Bone? 
RT @ronicaryn: The woman with the Star of David tattoo responds. 
Ladies: Did you have a doula helping you during the birth of your child? Would you have considered a male doula? 
RT @celiadugger: A drug that sterilizes dogs without surgical removal of testicles awaits FDA approval. 
RT @celiadugger: Over 3 million African men circumcised, new UN data shows, a hopeful sign for preventing spread of HIV.  
RT @PamBelluck: Promise and caution with #oxytocin and #autism: 
RT @cslnyt: Why hospital stitches cost an arm and a leg. @nytrosenthal 
Comment: Families, in Many Shapes and Sizes (5 Comments) 
Global Health: Circumcisions to Help Prevent AIDS Are on the Rise 
RT @paula_span: Seniors report insults and threats from family caregivers.  Disturbing study. 
RT @ginakolata: Good heart news after the bitterness over  the cholesterol guidelines 
RT @DQuenqua: New drugs sterilize pets w/out surgery, but most won't be avail in U.S. anytime soon. My story in tomorrow's NYT 
Well: Men at Work for Women in Labor 
Oxytocin Found to Stimulate Brain in Children With Autism 
Genetic Connections: Learning to Defuse the Aorta 
Well: New Strides in Spaying and Neutering 
RT @celiadugger: The Woman in the Breast Cancer Photo Responds to Times Readers  
Well: Sugary Drinks Tied to Endometrial Cancer Risk 
The New Old Age Blog: Words That Wound 
RT @paula_span: Palliative care: Not just for the dying. @nytimeswell  
Alaskan Cod in Sweet and Sour Pepper Sauce 
Well: Vitamin D Fails to Ease Winter Coughs and Colds 
Well: Palliative Care, the Treatment That Respects Pain 
White House Praises Gains on Health Site 
Urban Schools Aim for Environmental Revolution 
Op-Ed Contributor: Bad Eating Habits Start in the Womb 
Can't imagine eating anymore Thanksgiving food? Check out our Vegetarian Recipe database for some new recipes. 
Quiz Time: How much do you know about American families? 
Well: Timing of Baby’s First Solids May Affect Allergy Risk 
Well: Turning Leftovers Into Latkes 
RT @celiadugger: Rise in unprotected sex among gay men worrisome on HIV spread.
Britain Reconsiders Cigarette Regulation 
Lack of Doctors May Worsen as Millions Join Medicaid Rolls 
Matter: Linking Genes to Diseases by Sifting Through Electronic Medical Records 
Rise in Unprotected Sex by Gay Men Spurs H.I.V. Fears 
Well: Living With Cancer: Giving Thanks and Latkes 
Unprotected Sex Among Gay Men on the Rise, Health Officials Say 
Well: The American Family: Reader Comments 
Well: Ask Well: Genetic Testing for Breast Cancer 
RT @ronicaryn: Israel considers universal testing for breast cancer genes, and women are torn 
RT @celiadugger: Amazing interactive: if you or loved one has breast cancer, find women of same age and region, with same type, stage. http…
RT @cslnyt: Is it normal to wake to urinate 3X a night? 
RT @paula_span: Why we can't rely on paratransit vans to keep us mobile when we're old. 
The New Old Age Blog: Paratransit: Stuck in the Slow Lane 
Where is Breast Cancer? 
Well: The Power of a Daily Bout of Exercise 
The Cancer Divide: In Israel, a Push to Screen for Cancer Gene Leaves Many Conflicted 
W.H.O. Revises Estimate of Swine Flu Deaths in 2009, Far Beyond Earlier Finding 
You asked, we answered: How frequently is too frequently to be urinating at night? #askwell 
Well: Ask Well: Nighttime Urination 
The New Old Age Blog: A New Way to Report Fraud 
Families 
As Homeless Line Up for Food, Los Angeles Weighs Restrictions 
Well: The Workout: A Woman in Nascar 
Well: During Heart Attack, Pain Is Similar for Men and Women 
Study Finds Vaccinated Baboons Can Still Carry Whooping Cough 
RT @cslnyt: Antiviral Drugs Curb Flu Deaths in Children But Fall in Use 
Recipes for Health: Spicy Carrot, Parsnip and Potato Latkes 
Well: Antiviral Drugs, Found to Curb Flu Deaths in Children, Fall in Use 
Court Confronts Religious Rights of Corporations 
Medicaid Expansion Faces Major Logistical Challenges Among the Homeless 
Sleep Therapy Is Expected to Gain a Wider Role in Depression Treatment 
Selling That New-Man Feeling 
Urbanites Flee China’s Smog for Blue Skies 
In Practice: Head of Hawaii Insurance Exchange Steps Down 
Well: A Rare Convergence of Thanksgiving and Hanukkah 
Well: Soup to Start 
The New Old Age Blog: Institutional Care: Cue the Laugh Track 
Thomas Rees, Plastic Surgeon and Humanitarian, Dies at 86 
California Encouraged by Health Plan Enrollment 
U.S. Unveils Letters Insurers Must Send About Health Plans 
James H. Steele, Pioneer in Veterinary Public Health, Dies at 100 
In Practice: Maine Hires Firm to Study Medicaid System, to Democrats’ Ire 
Well: Spending More and Getting Less for Health Care 
RT @paula_span: Gender, work &amp; caregiving: Women caregivers less likely to be in labor force.  Men: no effect.  Hmmm. 
RT @celiadugger: Building a better condom: how about making it from fish skin or cow tendon? 
RT @celiadugger: Online in class quizzes helped college students learn more, esp the disadvantaged. 
RT @celiadugger: Two main suppliers of mosquito bednets to prevent malaria for poor suspended for bribing Cambodian officials. 
RT @cslnyt: "Shape memory" &amp; futuristic condoms  h/t @PamBelluck
The New Old Age Blog: Work, Women and Caregiving 
Well: Birth Control Pills May Raise Eye Risks 
Frederick Sanger, 95, Two-Time Winner of Nobel and Pioneer in Genetics, Dies 
Applicants Find Health Website Is Improving, but Not Fast Enough 
Condom Contest Produces 812 Ideas for Improvement 
Noise at football games is enough to cause permanent damage and to increase the likelihood of future damage. 
Well: Fighting Hearing Loss From the Crowd’s Roar 
Malaria Group Suspends Mosquito Net Producers Over Bribes 
Taking an aspirin at night may boost heart benefits, from @anahadoconnor 
A growing scientific consensus suggests that benefits of exercise can accumulate even before someone is born. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Misunderstood Directive 
Well: Mother’s Exercise May Boost Baby’s Brain 
Well: Taking Aspirin at Night May Boost Heart Benefits 
Well's Vegetarian Thanksgiving  Our searchable database of recipes will help you find the dishes to wow your crowd. 
RT @cslnyt: Want to recover from depression? Try insomnia treatment  h/t @bencareynyt
RT @cslnyt: Drinking milk as a teen appears to raise a man's risk of hip fracture later in life. 
Well: Vegetarian Thanksgiving 2013: Find Your Favorites 
RT @celiadugger: Find recipes using Well's Vegetarian Thanksgiving. Search by ingredient.e. 
Vegetarian Thanksgiving 2013 
RT @judith_graham: Families use "granny cams" to watch what's happening to loved ones in nursing homes.  
18 &amp; Under: Healthy Trips to Exotic Places 
Well: New Scrutiny for Medical Devices 
Well: Watchful Eye in Nursing Homes 
Treating Insomnia to Heal Depression 
Letters: Casual Casualties (3 Letters) 
Global Health: A New Danger to Africans 
Well: A Pain That’s Hard to Discuss 
Congressional Memo: Lesson Is Seen in Failure of 1989 Law on Medicare 
The Double-Edged Drug: At Clinics, Tumultuous Lives and Turbulent Care 
Well: Childhood Cancer Tied to Heart Risks 
The Double-Edged Drug: In Demand in Clinics and on the Street, ‘Bupe’ Can Be Savior or Menace 
House Approves Bill That Allows Policy Renewals 
Well: Gluten-Free Pies and Tarts for Thanksgiving 
In Practice: Programmers Create New Way to Navigate Health Plans 
The New Old Age Blog: Predicting a Fall’s Aftermath 
Well: An Airborne Heart Threat 
Well: Weight Loss Surgery Raises Some Pregnancy Risks 
How well do you know this week's health news? Take our quiz to find out. 
RT @paula_span: Colleagues call her Kevorkian, but we need thousands of palliative care MDs like this one, especially in ICUs. 
RT @celiadugger: New cholesterol guidelines no great boon for big Pharma...most statins inexpensive generics. 
Questions for a New Class of Cholesterol Drugs 
Ravaged by Typhoon, Philippines Faces Threat of Serious Diseases 
In Practice: Wisconsin Governor Seeks to Extend Medicaid for Some Low-Income Residents 
Court Orders German Firm to Pay Victims of Defective Breast Implants 
In Practice: California Shuts Down Sites Mimicking State Insurance Marketplace 
RT @celiadugger: Amusing animated video comparing table and sea salt. 
RT @paula_span: Dying patients can feel abandoned by their physicians.  @judith_graham reports. 
Well: They Call Me ‘Dr. Kevorkian’ 
Is there any difference between different types of salt? 
RT @cslnyt: Baby stuck in the birth canal? A car mechanic's invention might help. 
Well: Knee or Hip Replacement Cuts Heart Risks 
The New Old Age Blog: When the Doctor Disappears 
Well: Ask Well: Table Salt vs. Sea Salt 
At a Philippine Hospital, Survivors Face Quiet Despair 
New Tool to Ease Difficult Births: A Plastic Bag 
Three things to know about the new cholesterol guidelines. 
Think we know everything there is to know about human anatomy? Think again. Doctors discovered a new ligament. 
Ask an Expert: Advice on How to Research Family History, Part 2 
RT @celiadugger: NYTimes: New Guidelines on Statins Drop Cholesterol Targets 
Well: Doctors Identify a New Knee Ligament 
Some State Insurance Exchanges Continue to Battle Technical Problems 
Johnson &amp; Johnson Said to Agree to $4 Billion Settlement Over Hip Implants 
Well: 3 Things to Know About the New Cholesterol Guidelines 
Well: When Doctors Share With Their Patients 
New Guidelines Redefine Use of Statins 
The rise in knee replacements may be caused by the rise in weight. 
RT @paula_span: Author Martin Cruz Smith has Parkinson's. His wife types his books. He told almost nobody Now he tells @PamBelluck 
RT @paula_span: After 350 blistering comments, author of "ungrateful old lady" post weighs in with her own. She sounds unrepentant: 
Women have fewer orgasms during hookups than men. 
When healers get too friendly: 
Insurers Press for Way Around  
Well: Doctors’ Boundaries With Patients 
Well: Women Find Orgasms Elusive in Hookups 
Well: Novelist Reveals a Twist in the Tale 
Well: Adding Pounds, Then New Knees 
Global Health: Vaccine Drive to Curb Spread in Middle East 
RT @paula_span: Should seniors w/ severe hearing loss get cochlear implants? Related: Medicare covers implants but not hearing aids? http:/…
RT @cslnyt: Parents got the memo: don't give cold meds to kids under 4. 
Well: Ask Well: Buying Cheaper Drugs Online 
The New Old Age Blog: A Different Kind of Hearing Aid 
RT @celiadugger: Yes, there's insurance parity now for mental illness but shortage of docs, $ &amp; social supports. 
RT @celiadugger: Funny ads promote birth control on BET, aimed at young black couples.  
Well: Importance of On-Time Deliveries 
Well: Warnings on Children’s Drugs Found to Help Curb Misuse 
Leonard Herzenberg, Immunologist Who Revolutionized Research, Dies at 81 
Health Website Tests a Tycoon and Tinkerer 
Talk of Penalty Is Missing in Ads for Health Care 
Editorial: High and Low Premiums in Health Care 
Op-Ed Contributor: Daring to Complain About Obamacare 
Con Men Prey on Confusion Over Health Care Act 
Aided by Army of ‘Vapers,’ E-Cigarette Industry Woos and Wins Europe 
Cuts in Hospital Subsidies Threaten Safety-Net Care 
F.D.A. Proposes Letting Generic Drug Companies Alter Labels 
Well: Wholesome Biscotti (Some Even Gluten-Free) 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Gut Feeling Solved! 
The New Old Age Blog: ‘A Very Ungrateful Old Lady’ 
Well: Runners Who Love Beer 
Rules to Require Equal Coverage for Mental Ills 
Cut in Food Stamps Forces Hard Choices on Poor 
Obama Apologizes to Americans Dropped by Insurers 
RT @cslnyt: Is the Elimination of Trans Fats in Our Future? 
RT @cslnyt: #Autism clue found in baby's gaze h/t @PamBelluck 
Well: Living With Cancer: Tumbling Blocks 
Well: What Our Patients Can Teach Us 
Well: Colon Cancer Screening Lags 
F.D.A. Moves to Ban Trans Fats, Citing Health Concerns 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Gut Feeling 
RT @celiadugger: Scientists identify earliest sign of autism, in babies: they look less at people's eyes. 
W.H.O. Escalates Polio Fight in Reinfected Mideast 
Can you solve a medical mystery of a woman with 2 years of abdominal pain? Check in at 6AM ET for the full details. 
Well: A Baby’s Gaze May Signal Autism, Study Finds 
Well: Children Eat More After Sleeping Less 
Can being your own cheerleader help your workout? 
RT @paula_span: The annual dance with Part D gets way too complicated, so Medicare beneficiaries stay put. from @janegross 
The New Old Age Blog: Slow Dancing With Part D 
Well: Keep Telling Yourself, ‘This Workout Feels Good’ 
Well: Ethnic Variations in Fertility Treatment 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: The best news in a long time for people with hepatitis C, the leading cause of liver transplants.  
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Is a hunger strike a protest, or attempted suicide? Is force feeding a medical procedure, or a type of abuse?  
Well: ‘Don’t Tell Coach’: Playing Through Concussions 
RT @cslnyt: Should doctors warn patients of treatment costs? Some argue YES 
RT @cslnyt: Meet the hardworking navigators who enroll the uninsured  @abbygoodnough
Help our report: Share your favorite family photo. 
In Practice: In Kentucky, a Glimpse of Health Insurance Help 
Well: Pesticides Linked to Endometriosis 
Well: A Science Project With Legs 
Well: Concerns About Jerky Pet Treats 
Letters: Rethinking Medical Programs (2 Letters) 
Letters: How to Shorten Commutes (1 Letter) 
Global Update: Vaccine Approved for Brain Fever 
Medical Ethics Violated at Detention Sites, Group Says 
Hepatitis C, a Silent Killer, Meets Its Match 
RT @cslnyt: “My dream is that every nursing home would have a dental hygienist attached to it.” 
RT @celiadugger: Jane Brody on the frustrating limits on scientific study of marijuana's medical uses. 
Ask Well: CoQ10 Drug Interactions? 
Do you use herbal supplements? What you think may be in those pills often isn't. 
Well: Tapping Medical Marijuana’s Potential 
Herbal Supplements Are Often Not What They Seem 
That Other Big Afghan Crisis, the Growing Army of Addicts 
In Practice: Health Exchange: A One-Month Checkup 
Business Briefing Well: You’re Going to Need a Bigger Bowl 
The New Old Age Blog: Dental Coverage on the Insurance Exchanges 
RT @celiadugger: Many are losing their health insurance policies. Impact mixed. 
RT @celiadugger: FDA suspends leukemia drug due to life threatening complications. Why didn't clinical trial ID this level of risk? 
Pauline Chen on critical role of surgeon's skill in outcome. 
Well: Extra Care Curbs MRSA in Hospitals 
Well: Babies Can Learn Music in the Womb 
Bill Limiting Pesticide Use on Hawaii Island Is Vetoed 
When Insurers Drop Policies: Three Stories 
Science lets you assess how well your body functions physically, relative to how well it should work, given your age. 
National Briefing Judge Invalidates Patent for a Down Syndrome Test 
National Briefing The dexterity of a surgeon’s hands can account for much of the differences in how well patients do. 
In Practice: Conservative Group Tests New Attack on Health Law 
In Practice: Timetable for Opening of Small Business Exchanges May Not Represent a Delay 
What do you think of NYC's move to change the age restriction for cigarette sales from 18 to 21? 
RT @paula_span: Could caregiving for an elderly family member actually be good for your health? Yeah. Sometimes. 
New Parent, Old Parent: If Your Child Was Bullied, When Did You Intervene and When Did You Stay Out? 
Well: A Vital Measure: Your Surgeon’s Skill 
The New Old Age Blog: Are Caregivers Healthier? 
After Halloween, I used to hide my candy in a suitcase. I locked it so my dad would not eat the contents in a night. 
Well: A Fat Dad Halloween (Hide the Candy) 
Well: Assessing Your ‘Fitness Age’ 
Contrite White House Spurns Health Law’s Critics 
Closing of Live Poultry Markets Is Called Effective in Flu Fight 
12 Percent of U.S. Spice Imports Contaminated, F.D.A. Finds 
About 12 percent of spices brought to the U.S.are contaminated with insects, rodent hairs and other things. 
"Runners are a tribe of extremists: they love rituals. They relish going out in the dark and the rain." 
"Augusto Odone surely was one of the best fathers of all time." 
Think marathon runners sit less than you do? Probably not. 
RT @celiadugger: Gorman describes how poppy seed-sized ticks break skin with twin saws, ratcheting in barbed sword. Route for Lyme. 
I Was Misinformed: I Sing the Bike Electric 
Well: The Father Who Fought for Lorenzo’s Oil 
Well: The Marathon Runner as Couch Potato 
In Practice: People Who Buy Own Health Policies Face Big Changes 
RT @paula_span: Seniors: Being in a hospital bed doesn't mean a) you're admitted or b) Medicare pays for rehab afterward. A true mess http:…
What can a kiss tell you about a relationship? 
RT @stavernise: I'm hoping to chat with people who will be affected by FDA painkiller changes. Please email me, sabrinat@nytimes.com http:/…
The New Old Age Blog: Two Kinds of Hospital Patients: Admitted, and Not 
We're looking for families who fear their pets have eaten contaminated treats; email reporter at nbakalar@verizon.net 
RT @nytimeswell: We're looking for families who fear their pets have eaten contaminated treats; email reporter at nbakalar@verizon.net http…
Well: Now, a Kiss Isn’t Just a Kiss 
Americans pay dearly for their dependence on automobiles, with cot paid to both physical and mental health. 
Well: Quit Smoking? It’s Probably Monday 
Global Health: Neglected Diseases Still Are, Well, Neglected 
Books: Josephine Baker’s ‘Fighting for Life’ Still Thought-Provoking Decades Later 
Well: Ask Well: Glucosamine and MSM for Joint Pain? 
Well: Learning Moderation From the Marathon 
RT @celiadugger: Political back story on fda's turn around, imposing new restrictions on narcotic pain killers..  
RT @celiadugger: Could a terrorist like Brody on Homeland make a defibrilllator kill? Kolata says the answer isn't a simple no. 
RT @paula_span: 13% of liver transplants patients 65+ (like Lou) in 2012. Growing trend. No age limit at high-volume Cleveland Clinic http:…
Reporter's Notebook: The Epidemic Uganda Is Neglecting 
Brown Rice Bowl With Oven-Baked Miso-Glazed Tofu, Red Peppers and Kimchi 
Well: Children, Too, Need Flu Shots 
Well: Commuting’s Hidden Cost 
Of Fact, Fiction and Defibrillators 
Well: Concussions and the Classroom 
Well: Home Births Pose Special Risks 
A warning on chemical peels: 
Well: Eat Your Broccoli 
The New Old Age Blog: The Long Trip Into a Dark Season 
We're looking for families who fear their pets have eaten contaminated treats; email reporter at nbakalar@verizon.net 
What is "chemo brain" and how does it impact the everyday life of a cancer patient? Susan Gubar explains.
RT @celiadugger: Pentagon spending $70 mil to improve deep brain stimulation for depression and other neurological ailments. 
Well: After a Stroke, Running a Half-Marathon 
Well: A Warning on Chemical Peels 
Visiting Nurse Service Cuts 500 Workers 
People with heart disease may benefit from which common vaccine? Test your health knowledge with our  health quiz. 
F.D.A. Seeks Tighter Control on Prescriptions for Class of Painkillers 
Well: Should Medical School Last Just 3 Years? 
RT @BarryMeier: The F.D.A cracks down on hydrocodone 
Hoping for a New Year's baby? It may cost you. 
Well: Living With Cancer: Brains on Chemo 
The New Old Age Blog: Hiring an End-of-Life Enforcer 
RT @celiadugger: Should pregnant women with drug problems be forcibly detained for treatment?  
Well: New Year’s Baby? You May Pay More 
In Practice: White House to Tweak Tax-Penalty Deadline 
In Practice: Sebelius Finds a Friendly Crowd in Boston 
In Practice: Tea Party Group Begins Anti-Health Care Law Blitz in Four House Districts 
Is your workout dragging? Try making music - and not just listening to it — to make it easier.  
RT @ginakolata: Were you or a relative involved in the 1950's Bowery study on prostates? Contact kolata@nytimes.com with any leads. 
Well: How Music Can Boost Our Workouts 
In Practice: Judge Allows Legal Challenge of Law to Continue 
In Practice: Sebelius Names Administration Veteran to Lead Tech Repair Efforts 
Well: Flu Shots Tied to Heart Benefits 
The New Old Age Blog: Controversy Over Statins for Older Patients 
RT @dacorc: News you can use, from NYT's Denise Grady: New Technique Holds Promise for Hair Loss 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Please contact grady@nytimes.com for details on donating to help these women with breast cancer in Uganda. 
RT @dacorc: In Syria, Doctors Risk Life and Juggle Ethics 
“I’ve had breast cancer, and my new breasts, while spectacular, will be different from others you have known.” 
In Syria, Doctors Risk Life and Juggle Ethics 
RT @celiadugger: Companies making vanilla, saffron with GM yeast. Will it hurt  countries like Madagascar that harvest them? 
RT @cslnyt: Do you share or buy breast milk online? A potential downside 
RT @ginakolata: Of course when I crashed on my bike I decided it was a perilous sport. Now I wonder 
Letters: What Does ‘Terminal’ Mean? (3 Letters) 
Letters: Tests for Newborns (1 Letter) 
In Practice: Awareness Grows of Online Insurance Exchanges, and Their Problems, Survey Finds 
Well: How Safe Is Cycling? It’s Hard to Say 
Global Health: A Start to Saving Lives: Treating Sore Throats 
Well: Scoliosis Can Hit Well Past Adolescence 
Well: Spanking’s Link to Bad Behavior 
Breast Milk Donated or Sold Online Is Often Tainted, Study Says 
Insurance Site Seen Needing Weeks to Fix 
The New Old Age Blog: A Beep in the Night 
Well: Five Ways to Fill a Pepper 
Well: Ask Well: Does Boiling or Baking Vegetables Destroy Their Vitamins? 
RT @cslnyt: When to Decide if Your Child Needs Outside Help  @KJDellAntonia
My Body Changed. So Did Intimacy. 
The New Old Age Blog: Community Groups Still Reeling After the Shutdown 
RT @celiadugger: The disturbing history of prostate cancer research among 1950s skid row alcoholics. 
Many Ex-Players May Be Ineligible to Share in N.F.L. Concussion Settlement 
Sleeping wrong? How sleeping against type can affect your health. 
Well: Vitamin D Ineffective for Preventing Osteoporosis 
Medical Experiments Conducted on Bowery Alcoholics in 1950s 
Well: The Challenge of Diabetes for Doctor and Patient 
Air pollution - even low levels - is associated with a significant increase in the risk for low-birth-weight babies. 
RT @cslnyt: Search Tools Wanting on Many Exchanges  @abbygoodnough
RT @paula_span: Older adults: Got an advance directive? Why, yes. Great, where is it? Ummm. What makes hospital social workers crazy. http:…
Well: Air Pollution Linked to Lower Birth Weights 
The New Old Age Blog: Where’s That Advance Care Directive? 
Well: Everyday Jet Lag 
In New Book, Cheney Recalls 5 Heart Attacks and His Brush With Death 
NYT readers share their breast cancer stories  via @nytimeswell
In Practice: States Report Health Insurance Application Numbers 
RT @cslnyt: 72% of women (15 to 49) who die of breast cancer live in developing countries. Many leave small children. 
RT @nytDeniseGrady: Glimmers of hope, but women with breast cancer in Uganda face a long, lonely, rough road. 
Well: The Workout: Rowing With Esther Lofgren, Olympian 
Runners: Are you heel or toe strikers? Is one better for your body? @GretchenReynold explains: 
Ask an Expert: Advice About Assisted Living for Aging Relatives, Part 1 
RT @celiadugger: Powerful, heartbreaking video about young Ugandan mother fighting to survive advanced breast cancer. 
RT @paula_span: Elderly men w/ dementia, exhausted second wives as caregivers, and stepchildren: Not a happy picture. 
RT @magiorNYT: Heard about The Cancer Divide for months + still unprepared for powerful article by @nytdenisegrady on Ugandan women. http:/…
Well: Pounding Pavement by Heel or Toe 
Early Promise in Drug Trial for Fighting Cholesterol 
The Cancer Divide: Uganda Fights Stigma and Poverty to Take on Breast Cancer 
RT @celiadugger: Women and men share experiences of breast cancer on Well at the NYT.  via @nytimes
Faces of Breast Cancer 
Long after a child has recovered from a serious illness, families can be left dealing with the symptoms of PTSD. 
Well: Faces of Breast Cancer: A Global Community 
The New Old Age Blog: Study Finds Wives Often Struggle With Stepchildren Over Caregiving 
In Practice: A Closer Look at the Reinsurance Fee 
RT @suleikajaouad: Fascinating story on America's most obese president and his surprisingly modern take on dieting  v…
RT @ginakolata: Amazing to find a way to let the immune system kill cancers 
RT @cslnyt: Maybe permanent weight loss for the obese "doesn’t exist." Ask President Taft.  @ginakolata
Bulgaria’s Air Is Dirtiest in Europe, Study Finds, Followed by Poland 
RT @paula_span: Horrifying: Dentists and lenders gouge patients with sky-high interest loans. 
RT @paula_span: California regulates home health care: 
Breaking Through Cancer’s Shield 
18 and Under: Haunted by a Child’s Illness 
The New Old Age Blog: California Imposes New Home Care Regulations 
Well: Testing the Limits of ‘Terminal’ 
Global Health: Parasites: Hookworm Vaccine Will Be Tried in Africa 
Your mother was right again, regular bedtimes matter for kids: 
Letters: What Cheating Says About Us (1 Letter) 
Books: ‘The Compatibility Gene’ Offers Interesting Insights on the Immune System 
Well: Regular Bedtimes Tied to Better Behavior 
Well: The Tests That Babies Need 
RT @paula_span: Do seniors need to sign up w/ health care exchanges? No,Medicare (single payer!) a better deal. @susanjaffe explains. http:…
The New Old Age Blog: Q &amp; A: Medicare and the Insurance Exchanges 
Well: Beets for Breakfast, or Dinner 
Well: Amber Teething Necklaces Pose Choking Hazard 
Do you have to treat that toe fungus? You asked, we answered.  Have a health question? #askwell
Well: Ask Well: Leaving Nail Fungus Untreated 
Chicken Plants in Salmonella Outbreak Can Stay Open 
Wheelchair Racer Could Be First to Win 3 Major Marathons in a Season 
Blue Cross Plans Jump to an Early Lead 
World Briefing Can members of the eating disorders community and binge eaters finally meet at the same table? 
Well: Trusting the Doctor 
Well: Fat and Thin Find Common Ground 
In Practice: House Republicans Argue for Delay in Health Law Penalties 
RT @paula_span: Should seniors sell their life insurance policies to life settlement companies? Promise and pitfalls. 
In Shutdown, Clinical Trial Enrollment Slows but Doesn’t Halt 
The New Old Age Blog: A New Way to Pay for Long-Term Care 
Well: Exercise as Preventive Medicine 
Can walking lower your risk for breast cancer? 
Can you tell us about your experience with the new health insurance exchanges? 
RT @paula_span: How can seniors find affordable dental care? (It's not covered by Medicare, which is dumb.) Advice from  @cslnyt 
Well: The ‘Healthy Obese’ and Their Healthy Fat Cells 
Well: How Walking May Lower Breast Cancer Risk 
Rights Advocates Suing U.N. Over the Spread of Cholera in Haiti 
Well: Airport Noise Linked to Heart Risks 
RT @cslnyt: Need low-cost dental care for a loved one who is 65+? Want to know what root caries are? 
The New Old Age Blog: A Guide to Affordable Dental Care 
How did you feel the last time you cheated? You may have felt great, new research shows. 
Tell us about your experience with the new health insurance exchanges. 
RT @celiadugger: Penguins get malaria. Who knew? 
Jesuit Campus to End Coverage for Elective Abortions 
Letters: Aging Gracefully (1 Letter) 
Global Health: Charting Success in Battling AIDS Globally 
A Conversation With Bill and Melinda Gates: A Partnership Built on Fostering Change 
Letters: Support for Breast-Feeding (1 Letter) 
Well: In Bad News, Cheating Feels Good 
In Practice: Readers Ask About Families Who Want Different Plans, and Rise in Costs 
Well: Weighing Surgeries in Light of a Breast Cancer Gene 
Well: Breakthroughs in Prenatal Screening 
Breaking Bread: Arline Bronzaft Seeks a Less Noisy New York 
In Practice: Shutdown Din Obscures Health Exchange Flaws 
For Coach, Seizures Are Mere Distractions 
The New Old Age Blog: In a Quick Parole, Some See an Unwelcome Message 
Well: Pastas for Fall 
Think Like a Doctor: A Green Heart Solved 
Roughly half of medical school students have received some kind of gift from the pharmaceutical industry.  
Well: Yoga Found to Have Limited Effect on Menopause 
Take our quiz: How well can you read people's emotions? 
Need to work on your social skills? Try reading more Chekhov. 
Well: Share Your Breast Cancer Stories 
You asked, we answered: Whats the best way to soothe sore muscles?  Have a health question? #askwell.
Well: Ask Well: Relieving Sore Muscles 
Well: Reading Selections in the Study on Empathy 
Well: For Med Students, Love From the Drug Rep 
RT @suleikajaouad: The job of a journalist is to go where the silence is. Here, I talk #Emmys &amp; how I started writing #LifeInterrupted http…
RT @PamBelluck: I Know How You're Feeling, I Read Chekhov  Does literary fiction improve empathy and emotional intell…
RT @PamBelluck: Test how well you read people's emotions: @nytimeswell  Quiz  &amp; read related story on fiction 
Well: Well Quiz: The Mind Behind the Eyes 
Well: I Know How You’re Feeling, I Read Chekhov 
Well: Life, Interrupted: A Golden Opportunity 
Can you think like a doctor? Why does this 76-year-old man have a heart that is turning green? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Green Heart 
Millions of Poor Are Left Uncovered by Health Law 
A 76 year old has a green heart. Can you figure out why? Tune into @nytimeswell at 12:00AM ET for the latest Think Like a Doctor.
In Practice: Problems at Health Care Web Site Not From Online Attack, Experts Say 
Well: Depression Tied to Parkinson’s Risk 
Well: Statins May Reduce Gum Disease Risk 
The New Old Age Blog: The Icing on the Cake 
Think less to get fit? Research shows that exercise feels harder when your brain is tired. 
Watch @nytimeswell 's Life, Interrupted videos, winner of a @newsemmys for New Approaches: Arts, Lifestyle &amp; Culture. 
Beautiful RT @ApothecaCanada: Eating Purple - 5 ways for #eating #eggplant from @nytimeshealth  
Well: Ah, There’s Nothing Like New Baby Smell 
Well: How Intense Study May Harm Our Workouts 
RT @bstrauch: How to really get that youthful glow.
Is soy safe to eat?  
RT @SophieEganNYT: Important story by @cslnyt Breast-Feeding Services Lag the Law 
What products can give you a youthful glow? Tricks and tips from Jane Brody to keep you looking young.
Well: Breast-Feeding Services Lag the Law 
RT @cslnyt: Lacking Rules, Insurers Balk at Paying for Intensive Psychiatric Care 
Letters: Best Interests of the Patient (1 Letter) 
RT @paula_span: More than 1000 nursing homes still lack adequate sprinkler systems for fire prevention. 
Letters: It May Only Look Like Shyness (1 Letter) 
The New Old Age Blog: Many Nursing Homes Operate Without Adequate Sprinkler Systems 
Global Health: Coca-Cola Plans Kiosks With Water and Internet 
Recipes for Health: Perciatelli With Baby Broccoli, Tomatoes and Anchovies 
Well: Unequal Pain Relief in the Emergency Room 
Well: A Youthful Glow, Radiating From Within 
In Florida, the Front Lines of a High-Pitched, Bite-Size War 
Op-Ed Contributor: Psychotherapy’s Image Problem 
U.S. Plans to Unveil New Insurance Options 
As Opening Day Nears, Insurance Exchanges Scramble to Prepare 
Your Money: A Guide to the New Exchanges for Health Insurance 
Well: Eating the Color Purple 
Well: Ask Well: Is It Safe to Eat Soy? 
As Some Companies Turn to Health Exchanges, G.E. Goes Another Direction 
The New Old Age Blog: Better Pay — Maybe — for Home Care Aides 
Well: Living With Cancer: Feeling Older Than My Age 
Well: Naps May Aid Young Children’s Learning 
Well: Easing Doctor Burnout With Mindfulness 
Should this woman be lifting weights? 
Running doesn't cause knee arthritis. 
Well: Statins Tied to Cataract Risk 
Ask an Expert: Advice About Sleep Deficiency in Midlife, Part 1 
Well: Why Runners Don’t Get Knee Arthritis 
Hits to Head Don’t Differ With Age, Research Shows  
Rules Sought for Workplace Wellness Questionnaires 
Well: Pregnant Weight Lifter Stirs Debate 
Feeling queasy reading this? New thoughts on what causes motion sickness: 
Who lives longer: married or unmarried cancer patients? 
Bringing up the subject of fertility at the time of cancer diagnosis in children. 
Well: Married Cancer Patients Live Longer 
World Briefing Burger King Introducing a Lower-Fat French Fry 
F.D.A. to Regulate Only Some Health Apps 
Books: ‘Knocking on Heaven’s Door’ — a Daughter’s Tale of Caring for her Parents 
Gene Therapy With a Difference 
Is Billy, a 12-year-old with Duchenne muscular dystrophy being helped by an experimental drug? 
Global Health: Arsenic Contamination Threatens Water in Hanoi 
Well: Rethinking Motion Sickness 
Well: After Childhood Cancer, Fertility Is Within Reach for Many 
RT @cslnyt: Want a hospital w/ fewer medical errors or one w/ hotel perks? @nytrosenthal  
RT @paula_span: Perennial question: Who makes end of life decisions for incapacitated seniors who have no family? Some solutions. 
The New Old Age Blog: When There’s No Family 
Recipes for Health: Easing Into Fall, Taking Eggplant With You 
Well: Scans More Likely if Doctors Have Financial Stake 
Robert McCabe Jr., a Kidney Donation Specialist, Dies at 88 
Lower Health Insurance Premiums to Come at Cost of Fewer Choices 
Well: Dietary Report Card Disappoints 
Once Suicidal and Shipped Off, Now Fighting Nevada Over Care 
Alan Berliner’s ‘First Cousin Once Removed’ 
Ad Campaigns Compete as Health Law Rollout Looms 
Quandary of Hidden Disabilities: Conceal or Reveal? 
John Kennell, Advocate of Infant Bonding, Dies at 91 
Business Briefing Well: Cooking With Miso 
Well: The Arsenic in Our Drinking Water 
Well: Ask Well: Sleep or Exercise? 
Minnesota Goalie Helps Others With Multiple Sclerosis 
Magazine: Into the Wildfire 
Candace Pert, 67, Explorer of the Brain, Dies 
The New Old Age Blog: No Easy Answers on Financing Long-Term Care 
Well: Questioning Steroid Shots for Back Pain 
Well: Magnets Fail to Relieve Arthritis Pain 
Signs May Be Evident in Hindsight, but Predicting Violent Behavior Is Tough 
New Study Lends Conclusive Support to a Scoliosis Treatment 
Well: Medicine Is More Than Carrots and Sticks 
U.S. Warns of Frauds Tied to Health Care Law 
Op-Ed Contributor: Bring Back the Lyme Vaccine 
Stephen E. Malawista, Lyme Disease Researcher, Dies at 79 
Mental Health Again an Issue in Gun Debate 
Well: What a Messy Desk Says About You 
Your Money Adviser: Businesses Manage Medical Bill Payment Plans 
Anti-Hunger Advocates Put Pressure on Lawmakers Over Food Stamp Bill 
After Uproar, Penn State Suspends Penalty Fee in Wellness Plan 
More evidence that recess leads to school success.  
$33 Million Grant for Effort to Prevent Early-Onset Alzheimer’s 
. @PamBelluck writes about $33 million worth of hope for Alzheimer's prevention. 
Ask an Expert: Taking Questions on Causes and Effects of Sleep Deficiency 
RT @paula_span: In eldercare, biology still destiny: Daughters (mostly) take care of aging mothers. Cue Shirelles: Baby, it's you. 
The New Old Age Blog: Daughters (Still) Are the Caregivers 
Well: How Physical Fitness May Promote School Success 
Florida Among States Undercutting Health Care Enrollment 
Percentage of Americans Lacking Health Coverage Falls Again 
RT @PerriKlass: So it seems a little like a contradiction in terms to tweet about my shyness article--but check it out: 
RT @taraparkerpope: Help us build an online community that tells the stories of those touched by breast cancer. Share your story. 
When can a fetus feel pain? The science is murky. 
What causes one child to be shy and another outgoing? @PerriKlass offers tips for helping shy children open up. 
Enjoying inflicting pain without provocation? You, too, may be an “everyday sadist.” 
My Story: Inspired by Denise 
U.S. Bans Import of Generic Drugs From Indian Plant 
Initial Focus of Research in Brain Project Is Chosen 
Complex Science at Issue in Politics of Fetal Pain 
Hoping to Raise Awareness, 2 Leading Groups for the Blind Plan a Merger 
Letters: Testing Penicillin Allergies 
New Hope for H.I.V. Vaccine 
Global Health: United States Ranks 11th in Plague Cases Worldwide 
Well: ‘Everyday Sadists’ Among Us 
Well: To Help a Shy Child, Listen 
C.D.C. Report Finds 23,000 Deaths a Year From Antibiotic-Resistant Infections 
Giants fans: Still mourning the miserable loss to Peyton? Watch what you eat today, it may be fattier than usual. 
Well: Behavior Therapy Aids Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder 
Good news! Teenagers are exercising more, consuming less sugar and eating more fruits and vegetables. 
Did you favorite football team lose this week? Watch what you eat today..it may be fattier than usual. 
Well: When Parents Need Nurturing 
Well: Teenagers Are Getting More Exercise and Vegetables 
Well: When Teams Lose, Fans Turn to Fatty Food 
Stephen Crohn, Who Furthered AIDS Study, Dies at 66 
Technophoria: On Campus, a Faculty Uprising Over Personal Data 
Girl’s Suicide Increases Worry as Bullies Use New Web Sites 
Fraud Investigation Unsettles Mental Health Care in New Mexico 
The New Old Age Blog: Ideas of Federal Panel on Long-Term Care Don’t Cover Costs 
Well: Quick Breads Packed With Flavor 
Drinking milk in pregnancy may lead to taller children. 
Well: When Nurses Bond With Their Patients 
Well: Drinking Milk in Pregnancy May Lead to Taller Children 
F.D.A. Panel Backs Pre-Surgery Drug for Breast Cancer 
New Recalls by Johnson &amp; Johnson Raise Concern About Quality Control Improvements 
How well do you do know health news? Test yourself with our weekly health quiz.  
The New Old Age Blog: A Family Says ‘Enough’ 
Well: Living With Cancer: A Rainbow Coalition 
Well: Caring for a Mind in Crisis 
Mind the gap, the gap tooth that is. 
Well: Ask Well: Gap Toothed 
Unions’ Misgivings on Health Law Burst Into View 
Op-Ed Contributors: Selling the Fantasy of Fertility 
Free Apps for Nearly Every Health Problem, but What About Privacy? 
Camels Linked to Spread of Fatal Virus 
Middle-Aged Men Can Blame Estrogen, Too 
I don’t need a MedicAlert pendant yet. Until I do, the city will be fun. After I do, it’ll be necessary. 
RT @cslnyt: Did you know lactation support for breastfeeding moms is mandated under #ACA? 
RT @bstrauch: Can bursts of exercise make us eat less?
What's the est exercise to curb your appetite? @GretchenReynold reports. 
Well: How Exercise Can Help Us Eat Less 
Answers Sought for When Marijuana Laws Collide 
Well: Futile Care at Life’s End 
@Got_Next Thanks for responding to the NYTimes tweet about football and food. Can you email me: karen.barrow@nytimes.com?
The New Old Age Blog: Getting While the Getting Is Good 
My Story: Bad Dog 
F.D.A Announces Changes to Labeling of Some Prescription Painkillers 
Is breakfast really the most important meal of the day? 
@nyvinnie can you email me (a nytimes editor): karen.barrow@nytimes.com. We have some follow-up questions about your post-loss meal.
RT @bstrauch: Think you are allergic to penicillin? Well, maybe not.
NYT's Donald G. McNeil Jr. is looking to talk to gay men who use PrEP instead of (or with) condoms. Please contact him at mcneil@nytimes.com
@brewcitypaul Thanks for responding to the NYTimes tweet about football and food. Can you DM us with contact info?
Those graphic anti-smoking ads seem to be helping.  
Civil Behavior: ‘Coming Out’ About H.I.V. and Facing Down the Stigma 
Well: Graphic Ads Motivate Smokers to Quit 
Well: Myths Surround Breakfast and Weight 
Recipes for Health: Savory Oatmeal Pan Bread 
Stem Cell Treatments Overtake Science 
The Consumer: New Concerns on Robotic Surgeries 
World Briefing Improving Respirator Masks to Put Fresh Air in Reach 
Hard Cases: Penicillin Allergies Overblown 
Global Health: Diabetes Epidemic Grows in China 
Calling all football fans: Can you help our reporter? Did your team win or lose yesterday? And what have you eaten so far today?
Well: Looking for Ways to Save Heart Attack Victims 
Giants fans, can you help a reporter? What did you eat so far today?
Recipes for Health: Quick Breads That Are Sweet, Savory and Whole Wheat 
Lasker Awards Go to Five Scientists and Gateses 
Well: Life’s Hard Lessons 
Inquiry Finds Inadequate Staffing at Mississippi Veterans Hospital 
Drug Cocktail Used to Treat MERS in Monkeys May Aid Humans 
Mobility: Giving Mobility When Legs Can’t 
Fitness: Rowing Revives in the Gym 
Insurance Rolls to Rise in State Fighting Plan 
F.D.A. Approves a Drug for Late-Stage Pancreatic Cancer 
Debating a Fix For Hospitals In Dire Straits 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Gymnast’s Big Belly Solved 
Observatory: Hyperactivity Linked to Inner Ear Defect 
Arsenic Levels in Rice Products Not a Health Risk, F.D.A. Says 
Well: A Cool Classic, Sliced and Diced 
Well: Drinking When Young Increases Breast Cancer Risk 
Fertility Rate Stabilizes as the Economy Grows 
Your Money Adviser: When Health Deductibles Rise, Men Delay Emergency Care 
Changes to Poultry Rules Are Flawed, Report Says 
Gut Bacteria From Thin Humans Can Slim Mice Down 
E-Cigarette Use Doubles Among Students, Survey Shows 
Well: When Med Students Get Medical Students’ Disease 
The New Old Age Blog: Online Lessons in Dementia Management 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Gymnast’s Big Belly 
William Glasser, 88, Psychiatrist Who Promoted Mental Health as a Choice, Dies 
Clinton Urges Americans to Sign Up for Health Care Exchanges 
Your Money Adviser: Deciding When to Enter a Palliative Care Unit 
A Multitasking Video Game Makes Old Brains Act Younger 
Parents, here's what to do if your child tears an A.C.L. 
Can you guess what's wrong with a gymnast who has a big belly? Check @nytimeswell tomorrow at 6AM ET for our next Think Like a Doctor
What's the best fruit? 
Well: Some Fruits Are Better Than Others 
Well: What to Do if Your Child Tears an A.C.L. 
Op-Ed Contributors: How a Cabal Keeps Generics Scarce 
National Briefing RT @KarenBBarrow: Have a breast cancer story? @nytimeswell wants to hear from you: 
RT @paula_span: Will your family make the medical decisions you'd want at end of your life?  Maybe not. 
The New Old Age Blog: Values Conflict at the End of Life 
Advertising: With Change Coming, Aetna Targets Employers 
Nyad Completes Cuba-to-Florida Swim 
Nyad 1st to Swim to Florida From Cuba Without Cage 
Global Health: Life Expectancy Grows for Women Age 50 and Up 
Weekend Revelry Cut Short After 2 Die at Electronic Music Festival 
Have breast cancer? Tell us your story. 
Chinese Chicken Processors Are Cleared to Ship to U.S. 
Lives: A Brief Vacation From Myself 
"Perhaps all diseases bring egotism in their wake. People in distress find it hard to think of anything else." 
The New Old Age Blog: In California, Renewed Debate Over Home Care 
Well: Dress Up Your Salad With Grains 
RT @bstrauch: Have a breast cancer story? @nytimeswell wants to hear from you: 
RT @cslnyt: 66 ppl died of serious tooth infections; thousands were hospitalized.  @AAEnews @ADANews @Smile4Health
Share your breast cancer stories with @nytimeswell:  
Well: Oral Infections Causing More Hospitalizations 
Well: Share Your Breast Cancer Stories 
RT @cslnyt: Beginning of the end of marijuana prohibition?  
Have a breast cancer story? @nytimeswell wants to hear from you: 
Anthony Pawson, Biologist in Cell-Protein Breakthrough, Dies at 60 
The Texas Tribune: With Youth Tanning Law, Texas Aims to Lower Melanoma Risk 
Advertising: E-Cigarette Makers’ Ads Echo Tobacco’s Heyday 
Taylor Farms, Big Food Supplier, Grapples With Frequent Recalls 
U.S. Won’t Sue to Reverse States’ Legalization of Marijuana 
N.F.L. Agrees to Settle Concussion Suit for $765 Million 
You asked. We answered: Is it better to bike or run? 
Ask Well: Is It Better to Bike or Run? 
Well: Living With Cancer: Is It Back? 
RT @bstrauch: Think you're born a germ-free blank slate? Think again. @carlzimmer explains and it's not bad news at all.
World Briefing In Congress, a Bid to Undo Dialysis Cuts 
The New Old Age: A Renewed Push for End-of-Life Discussions 
Phys Ed: Why A.C.L. Injuries Sideline So Many Athletes 
Well: Shorter Workweek May Not Increase Well-Being 
Salmonella in Spices Prompts Changes in Farming 
Medicaid Expansion Battle in Michigan Ends in Passage 
Wal-Mart to Offer Health Benefits to Domestic Partners 
For athletes, few sounds are more ominous than the percussive pop that can signal a ruptured knee ligament.  
RT @paula_span: "Death panels" revisited: Legislation introduced in House and Senate so Medicare covers end of life discussions. 
RT @bstrauch: A warning on food poisoning and spices that is a little scary, from @gardinerharris in India.
A healthy recipe for leftover rice:  Brown Rice and Farro Salad With Roasted Pepper, Basil, Arugula and Feta 
How can a simple bag of saline cost $546? 
What We Eat: Tomatoes Ripe for Improvement 
The AARP issued a report suggesting that potential caregivers will be in much shorter supply starting in 2026  
RT @bstrauch: Can we, after wrecking the tomato, make it better? Maybe.
Researchers are mapping the fauna in our water, to understand how some organisms live in pipes loaded with chlorine. 
Recipes for Health: Brown Rice and Farro Salad With Roasted Pepper, Basil, Arugula and Feta 
Peter Huttenlocher, Explorer of the Brain’s Development, Dies at 82 
Global Health: Bacteria Study Offers Clues to Typhoid Mary Mystery 
RT @cslnyt: In 2010, there were 7.2 ppl of caregiving age (45-64) for every 80+ yr old. By 2030 there will be 4.1 
The New Old Age Blog: In Coming Decades, Fewer Caregivers 
Books: ‘The Cancer Chronicles’ Wanders Through the Disease’s World 
Letters: Drugs for Mental Health (1 Letter) 
Q&amp;A: Are There Reasons for Different Sneezing Patterns? 
A Quest for Even Safer Drinking Water 
Letters: What’s Wrong With Lipstick (2 Letters) 
RT @bstrauch: Does an IV bag cost $1 or $500? It depends.
RT @bstrauch: Should you eat before exercising? @gretchenreynolds explains the latest science.
Well: Ask Well: Eating Before Exercise 
Well: Keeping Food-Borne Illnesses at Bay 
Exploring Saline’s Secret Costs 
DealBook: Amgen Said to Be Near Deal to Buy Onyx for $10.5 Billion 
For a Chef, 41 Years in the Kitchen Takes Its Toll 
Economic View: Public Policies, Made to Fit People 
New Rules Would Cut Silica Dust Exposure 
Our genes may have a more elevated moral sense than our minds do,  
Well: A Guide for Swimmers Without Boundaries 
The New Old Age Blog: Faster Assistance for Medicare Patients 
Well: Four Frittatas and a Terrine 
It had never occurred to me that none of the standard treatments would work for me. From @suleikajaouad. 
RT @cslnyt: Live a life of purpose or your genes might turn on you?!  @GretchenReynold
RT @paula_span: A specialized surgical center for patients over 75: Does it make sense? 
Well: Looking to Genes for the Secret to Happiness 
Ron Motley, Who Tackled Big Tobacco, Dies at 68 
Texas Tribune: Shortage of Doctors Tough to Fix 
The New Old Age Blog: A Surgical Center for Older Patients 
An adjustment for your dog, at the chiropractor. 
Well: Life, Interrupted: A Test of Faith 
Polio Outbreaks Seen on Two Continents 
Well: Waiting to Hear From the Doctor 
Well: U.S. Circumcision Rates Are Declining 
Well: At the Chiropractor, Well-Adjusted Pets 
Lunchables, the Lunchbox King, Faces a Rival Vowing Higher-Quality Fare 
U.P.S. to End Health Benefits for Spouses of Some Workers 
Training to Apply a Drug Is Urged in Overdose Cases 
Mystery Virus That’s Killed 47 Is Tied to Bats in Saudi Arabia 
RT @cslnyt: Poor oral health linked to HPV  @ADHADOTORG @theNCI @UTHealth
Well: Study Ties Poor Oral Hygiene to Cancer-Causing Virus 
How exercise helps us sleep better. 
Advice on Addiction in Boomers, Part 1 
RT @PerriKlass: Sending a child off to college, helping that child stay healthy, trying to be wise...
RT @paula_span: Budweiser, King of the Emergency Room: 
Well: Supplements Fail to Relieve Joint Pain in Study 
Tacking Health Care Costs Onto California Farm Produce 
Well: How Exercise Can Help Us Sleep Better 
Recipes for Health: Onion and Zucchini Frittata to Go 
“Expecting Better” lays out the pros and cons of a morning latte, but a confrontational approach may alienate some. 
Vegetarians, you too may be at risk for salmonella. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Check on Premature Hospital Discharges 
Health Premiums Up 4% as Steep Climb Levels Off 
How to prep college-bound children to take care of their own health, from @PerriKlass 
RT @cslnyt: Intrigued by @ProfEmilyOster's advice that drinking is OK in pregnancy? Read my  @nytimesscience review. 
Oklahoma Judge Blocks Law Limiting Morning-After Birth Control 
Deaf Student, Denied Interpreter by Medical School, Draws Focus of Advocates 
Recipes for Health: Frittata With Peas, Herbs and Feta or Parmesan 
RT @cslnyt: Like malt liquor? An ER visit might be in your future.  ht @anahadoconnor
RT @bstrauch: Why we have no new psychiatric drugs. 
Well: Beers Implicated in Emergency Room Visits 
Books: Pregnant, and Disputing the Doctor 
18 and Under: College Prep, This Time for Health 
RT @bstrauch: How close are we to printing organs? @henryfountain takes us to the edge of this 3-D world.
Global Health: Pill Can Prevent Fatal TB in H.I.V. Patients 
Mind: A Dry Pipeline for Psychiatric Drugs 
Well: Indoor Tanning Remains Popular, Despite Risks 
Chocolate, strawberry, pineapple: they're not ice cream flavors. They're cigar flavors that are drawing the young. 
Is your dog's yawn contagious? 
Well: A Salmonella Warning for Vegetarians 
RT @cslnyt: Nursing staffing matters. Here's why. 
Well: Really? Yawning Is Contagious Between Dogs and Their Owners 
Well: Tested Recipes for Kitchen Safety 
Doctors Who Profit From Radiation Prescribe It More Often, Study Finds 
Printing Out a Biological Machine 
Next Out of the Printer, Living Tissue 
In All Flavors, Cigars Draw In Young Smokers 
The Texas Tribune: Bicycling for Thinner Texans and New Businesses 
Cultural Studies: Hollywood’s New Stars: Pedestrians 
Computer System Failed at Meatpacking Plants, but Shipping Continued 
Poll Shows New Yorkers Are Deeply Conflicted Over Bloomberg’s Legacy 
What kind of workout does it take to be a broadway star. @patinamiller of @PippinMusical shows us her routine: 
Well: Hot Days, Cold Noodles 
World Briefing Christie Amends Marijuana Restrictions 
Is there danger lurking in your lipstick?  @deborahblum
Well: Is There Danger Lurking in Your Lipstick? 
RT @patinamiller: Looks like my interview and workout is up on NYT website now! Go check it out!  @mfisherfitness
RT @paula_span: Myths of and experiences with the multigenerational home: New Old Age readers weigh in. (Hint: Not The Waltons) 
$67 Million Awarded to Groups Helping With Health Law 
The New Old Age Blog: When the Grandchildren Grow Older, and Closer 
Well: Patina Miller’s Broadway Workout 
I pulled out a syringe and carefully drew up one c.c. of plain saline. "This is Tylenol #5.” @danielleofri 
Well: A Powerful Tool in the Doctor’s Toolkit 
The insertion of heart stents has been named one of five most highly overused medical interventions in the U.S. 
A new study has reignited a debate about whether men should use a baldness drug to prevent prostate cancer. 
Lens Blog: Five Minutes That Split Lifetimes 
My Story: August 16 (a Message on Love) 
Well: Heart Stents Continue to Be Overused 
Reservation Counts Votes on Ending Alcohol Ban 
The Challenge of Helping the Uninsured Find Coverage 
Doctors Without Borders to Pull Out of Somalia 
Gay Spouses of Members of Military Get Benefits 
Well: New Debate on Prostate Cancer Drug 
Do you avoid medical tests? Know someone who does? This simple trick may help get patients to the doctor's office. 
Ask an Expert: Advice on Addiction in Boomers 
First test for a new sleep drug: how safely it puts people to sleep. Second test: how safely people wake up. 
A wooden dowel and a hockey puck. These two simple items may be all a sports team needs to detect concussions. 
Well: A Simple Device to Detect Concussions 
San Cristóbal de Las Casas Journal: In Mexico, a Healer Who Asks for Nothing in Return 
Vaccination Appears to Have Halted a Meningitis Outbreak 
Doctors must sometimes disown a patient to give the best care possible, but patients resist going to specialists. 
DealBook: Questions Arise About Herbalife Product Safety 
To Judge Sleep Aids, U.S. Looks at Drowsy Driving in the Morning 
Do you avoid medical tests? Know someone who does? This simple trick may help get patients to the doctor's office. 
Well: Afraid to Get Tested? Slow Down and Think About It 
RT @paula_span: A cautionary tale of the sometimes overlooked perils of multigenerational households: Hafner's "Mother Daughter Me." http:/…
The New Old Age Blog: Discord in an Intergenerational Home 
More evidence about the benefits of breastfeeding. 
Recipes for Health: Cold Sesame Noodles With Cucumber and Sweet Pepper 
A Limit on Consumer Costs Is Delayed in Health Care Law 
Bigger Hospitals May Lead to Bigger Bills for Patients 
Q&amp;A: Do New Yorkers Who Ride the Subway Risk Hearing Loss? 
Global Health: A Malaria Vaccine Works, With Limits 
One in 10 Americans now takes an antidepressant; among women in their 40s and 50s, the figure is one in four. 
Hard Cases: The Calculus of Primary Care 
Risk of adult anxiety seen in children’s stomachaches. 
Letters: Dental Care in Nursing Homes (1 Letter) 
Well: A Year of Breast-Feeding 
The Consumer: A Glut of Antidepressants 
Autism is genetically linked to cancer. 
RT @cslnyt: Adults face high risk for an anxiety disorder, if they had recurrent stomach pain as kids 
Well: Many Children Outgrow Asthma 
My Story: The Memory Lady’s Daughter Tries to Fill the Gaps 
Well: Risk of Adult Anxiety Seen in Children’s Stomachaches 
Well: Building Up Bones, With a Little Bashing 
Bittersweet Deal in 22-Year Fight Over Toxic Site in Bronx 
Sanofi Being Investigated for Bribery by China 
When Philosophy Meets Psychiatry 
Long Slog for Foreign Doctors to Practice in U.S. 
Autism’s Unexpected Link to Cancer Gene 
Opinion: When Doctors Discriminate 
Economic View: When a Co-Pay Gets in the Way of Health 
World Briefing Two Firms Accused of Using Political Ties to Bilk Medicaid 
You asked. We answered. Is Pilates better than yoga for strengthening exercises?  Have a question? #AskWell
RT @paula_span: Even if you don't have diabetes, higher blood glucose associated w/higher dementia risk. New U of Wash study. 
Well: The New Gazpachos 
The New Old Age Blog: High Blood Sugar Linked to Dementia 
The number of young adults who end up in the emergency room after taking Adderall or other stimulants has quadrupled. 
Well: Ask Well: Pilates vs. Yoga 
Rolled pizza, separated Oreos, tail-first lobster: Rituals make our food taste better. What are your food rituals? 
Well: Rituals Make Our Food More Flavorful 
The Texas Tribune: Legislature Restores Some Family Planning Cuts 
Quiz! How well do you know this week's health news? 
New York State Lags on Firing Workers Who Abuse Disabled Patients 
Fathers and sons can have complicated relationships and they are not made easier when health care issues are added. 
Sharp Rise Among Young in Emergency Care After Stimulant Use 
Researchers Suspect Camels Are Linked to Middle East Virus 
Entrepreneurs tend to exercise more, but they also have more stress and are less likely to have health insurance. 
Bits Blog: Happy Birth Data! A New App Tracks Fertility 
RT @SophieEganNYT: Putting a price on smoking: 
RT @bstrauch: Does hype work?  Seems so.
Well: Living With Cancer: Patient Yoga 
Well: A Doctor in the Family 
Smoking is back, without the stigma. 
RT @bstrauch: What does a smoker cost an employer?
Well: The Health Tradeoffs of Entrepreneurship 
World Briefing How UrgentRx Crashed the Party at the Cash Register 
Economic Scene: For Obamacare, Some Hurdles Still Ahead 
Higher Costs Seen for Some in Congress on Health Plans 
Smoking Is Back, Without the Stigma 
Op-Ed Contributor: Crazy Pills 
Matter: A Family Consents to a Medical Gift, 62 Years Later 
Age-related attention deficit: it may be why older people take so long getting ready to leave the house @joyce_wadler 
RT @cslnyt: Sleep deprivation makes your brain go gaga for junk food.   @anahadoconnor
RT @Dermdoc: So you walk into a room and forget why you're there. Sound familiar? Witty piece on "distracted aging." via @nytimeshealth...
American patients used to go to countries like India and Thailand for cheaper care, but many are now going to Europe. 
Studying for a big exam? Learn when and how to exercise to best remember all that information. 
Well: The Cost of a Smoker: $5,816 
I Was Misinformed: Distracted Aging 
RT @paula_span: Elderly suicide: Less likely among women past 60, but sharp increases w/age for men. Why? Is it ever a rational act? http:/…
RT @bstrauch: To slow down time as we age, it helps to keep busy learning new things, as this fascinating article explains.
The New Old Age Blog: Suicide Rates Are High Among the Elderly 
Well: How Exercise Can Help Us Learn 
Deployment Factors Are Not Related to Rise in Military Suicides, Study Finds 
Quiz! How well do you know this week's health news? 
Sleep deprivation may change the way your body responds to the sight of fatty and sweet foods. 
RT @cslnyt: Got 4 min? Let me explain why too many nursing home residents don't get their teeth brushed. 
RT @bstrauch: Grid cells in the brain could explain why  Alzheimer's patients get lost in familiar places, as @jmgorman explains:
RT @cslnyt: Obesity declining for 2- to 4-year-olds from low-income families h/t @stavernise 
Declines seen in obesity rate among poor young children in U.S. 
The Growing Popularity of Having Surgery Overseas 
Broad Decline in Obesity Rate Seen in Poor Young Children 
People born during whooping cough epidemics and survive them are more likely to die prematurely later in life. 
Wel: How Sleep Loss Adds to Weight Gain 
The New Old Age Blog: Legal Paperwork and Legal Residences 
Global Health: Whooping Cough Linked to Shorter Life Expectancy 
Letters: Learning From Hurt (1 Letter) 
Letters: Loss of a Baby (1 Letter) 
Concerns about the strength of one’s bones should start in childhood, writes @JaneBrody. 
The residents of nursing homes may be well cared for, but what about their teeth? @cslnyt investigates. 
RT @paula_span: How to judge nursing home quality: residents' teeth. Lack of dental care a major problem. 
Well: To Ensure Bone Health, Start Early 
China Bans Milk Powder of 2 South Pacific Nations 
Warning Labels on Helmets Combat Injury and Liability 
Op-Ed Contributor: End of Life, at Birth 
Well: In Nursing Homes, an Epidemic of Poor Dental Hygiene 
Botulism Threat Found in Infant Formula Ingredients 
Fair Game: Clawbacks in Word, Not Deed 
Economic View: For Obamacare to Work, Everyone Must Be In 
Opinion: The Woman Who Ate Cutlery 
Amid Political Fight, Confusion and Fear About New York’s Health Exchange 
For Medical Tourists, Simple Math 
Missouri Citizens Face Obstacles to Coverage 
Colorado Presses for Uninsured to Enroll 
House Votes to Bar I.R.S. Action on Health Law 
Only 5 readers were able to guess what was wrong with this month's Think Like a Doctor patient:  
"The right answer to the question, 'If this were your mother, doctor…' is: 'Tell me more about your mother.'"  
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Not Just the Flu, Solved! 
RT @paula_span: "Still Mine": new movie about aging that's clear-eyed, gentle, moving. Adding to my personal best-aging-films list. 
The New Old Age Blog: ‘Still Mine’ Adds to Movies on Aging 
RT @cslnyt: At last! An FDA Standard for Gluten Free Foods #gfree 
You asked. We answered: Does cooking with red wine eliminate the beverage's healthy components?  #askwell
Well: Back Pain Remains Overtreated 
Well: Summer Taco Nights 
F.D.A. Sets Standard for Foods Labeled Gluten Free 
Deal Keeps U.S. Health Care Contribution for Congress 
Brooklyn Hospital Closings a Blow to Psychiatric Care 
Well: Ask Well: Does Cooking Strip Red Wine’s Benefits? 
Theory on Pain Is Driving Rules for Abortions 
Republicans Refuel Effort to Cripple Health Care Law 
Op-Ed Contributor: Apes Need Vaccines, Too 
Increase in Urine Testing Raises Ethical Questions 
Well: ‘If This Was Your Mother, Doctor…’ 
Does a facelift make you look more attractive? Maybe not, writes @cslnyt 
Well: The Limits of Cosmetic Surgery 
Ask an Expert: Answers About Rheumatoid Arthritis, Part 3 
Well: Anemia Tied to Dementia Risk 
"Fresh fruit should not become a casualty in the sugar wars, many nutrition experts say," writes @SophieEganNYT 
RT @cslnyt: Nature dealt you a hand. But you can shuffle it w/ exercise. What are you waiting for? 
"Not allowing myself to wallow one grain of sand longer, I decided to quit my day job."writes @StevenPetrow.  
Can you solve a medical mystery involving a woman who becomes deathly ill two weeks into what she calls the flu? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: Not Just the Flu 
The New Old Age Blog: Decision Casts Doubt on Brain Scans for Alzheimer’s 
National Briefing Interfaith Medical Center Plans to Close 
Advertising: Songs and Sunscreen Spread the Health Insurance Message 
Well: The Ticktock of the Death Clock 
Can you Think Like a Doctor? Join @nytimeswell tomorrow at 6AM (ET) to try to solve this month's medical mystery. 
Several new studies show that exercise seems able to drastically alter how genes operate.  
Well: Making the Case for Eating Fruit 
Well: Moon Phases Tied to Sleep Cycles 
United Nations May Fall Short in Food Aid for Syria 
Merck Profit Plunges 50% as Generics Cut Into Sales 
Antibiotics Maker in Deals for 2 Rivals 
Paris Journal: A French Dining Staple Is Losing Its Place at the Table 
Pfizer Settles a Drug Marketing Case for $491 Million 
Well: How Exercise Changes Fat and Muscle Cells 
Overuse of antibiotics has caused growing resistance to drugs, and their heavy use on animals is a major cause. 
RT @cslnyt: “We need a 21st-century definition of cancer" - not a 19th-century one.  @taraparkerpope
RT @celiadugger: Very touching story. NPR host Scott Simon tweets his mother's dying days 
A push for early detection and treatment of Alzheimer's has some researchers worried. 
Changes may be coming to our current definition of cancer. 
For smokers, screening for cancer with CT scans, as opposed to X-rays, has the potential to save 20,000 lives a year. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Dark View of Assisted Living 
Program Compelling Outpatient Treatment for Mental Illness Is Working, Study Says 
Recipes for Health: Potato ‘Salad’ and Tomatillo Tacos 
Despite Two New Studies on Motives for Monogamy, the Debate Continues 
F.D.A. Strengthens Warnings on Lariam, an Anti-Malaria Drug 
Eczema and the summer don't mix. Here are some tips to help. 
Books: Patricia S. Churchland’s ‘The Self as Brain’ and ‘Brainwashed,’ by Sally Satel and Scott O.… 
Task Force Recommends Screening for Heavy Smokers 
Letters: Troubling I.C.U. Stays (1 Letter) 
Tracing Germs Through the Aisles 
The Consumer: Concerns About Dementia Screening 
When is cancer actually "cancer?" 
After the Fact: Fainting in Heat 
After the Fact: A Kennedy Baby’s Life and Death 
Well: Report Suggests Sweeping Changes to Cancer Detection and Treatment 
Well: Understanding Eczema to Treat It 
Recipes for Health: Two Tomatillo Salsas 
G.O.P. Senators See an Upside in a Problematic Issue: Abortion 
Obama Intends to Let Health Care Law Prove Critics Wrong by Succeeding 
Players’ Summer Health Receives Year-Round Attention in the N.F.L. 
News Analysis: The Hype Over Hospital Rankings 
Opinionator A Race to Save the Orange by Altering Its DNA 
Business Briefing Business Briefing European Regulator Finds Little Risk in Diabetes Drugs 
To avoid death by injury, live in a large city — a new study has found they are much safer than rural areas. 
The New Old Age Blog: More on Preventing Hospital Readmissions 
Some new way to use those tomatoes from your garden: 
Only 33 percent of teenage girls had finished the required doses of the H.P.V. vaccine in 2012, writes @stavernise 
Well: Tomatoes Plain and Simple 
Well: Medical Procedures May Be Useless, or Worse 
Well: In Terms of Injury, Cities Safer Than Country 
The FDA proposed new rules to make sure that foreign growers were following food safety standards. 
F.D.A. Proposes Rules to Ensure Safety of Imported Food 
Virginia Johnson, Widely Published Collaborator in Sex Research, Dies at 88 
Chinese Search for Infant Formula Goes Global 
HPV Vaccine Not Reaching Enough Girls, C.D.C. Says 
The Texas Tribune: Economics, and Humanity, of Abortion Bill 
National Briefing Concussion Study Makes Case for Reducing Contact Drills for Youth Players 
Almost a third of doctors would concede to a patient’s demand for physicians of a certain race, gender or religion. 
Height is associated with a greater risk of cancer for both men and women, new research shows. 
Doctor and Patient: When the Patient Is Racist 
RT @cslnyt: Aussies, say it ain't so! #obesity rates have tripled in 30 yrs. 
RT @HannaIngber: .@nytimeshealth readers shared compelling personal &amp; prof experiences with dementia. Our comment wall: 
"Each wound speaks its own language. What is the splendor of one breast on one woman?"  A Quilt of Poetry Well: Cancer Risk Increases With Height 
Well: Living With Cancer: A Quilt of Poetry 
Readers reflect on dementia.
RT @cslnyt: NIH director says courage is "taking noble action in the face of fear."  h/t @PamelaPaulNYT
Some tips for relief from nighttime leg cramps. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Novel Way to Document End-of-Life Preferences 
Australians are getting fatter. 
Ask an Expert: Answers About Rheumatoid Arthritis, Part 2 
Well: Ask Well: Leg Cramp Relief 
Well: Australians Are Getting Fatter 
National Briefing Drug Companies Promise More Data Transparency 
Don’t Shift Payments by Medicare, Panel Says 
Utah Mental Health Cuts Leaving Patients Adrift 
Whooping cough is on the rise. One reason may be the change from a whole cell vaccine to the acellular version. 
Readers Reflect on Dementia 
Well: Whooping Cough Vaccine Lags in Efficacy 
Menthol cigarettes account for about a third of all cigarettes sold in the United States.  
RT @KarenBBarrow: Can too much exercise be bad for your health? 
RT @cslnyt: Black women are less likely to get a breast cancer diagnosis early (at its most curable)  h/t @taraparker…
Recipes for Health: Soft Tacos With Roasted or Grilled Tomatoes and Summer Squash 
Well: Can You Get Too Much Exercise? 
Food Corporations Turn to Chefs in a Quest for Healthy Flavor 
Legacy on Line in Fierce Drive on Health Law 
The Flexitarian: The Complex World of Whole Grains, Made Simple 
Breast cancer survival is, over all, three years shorter for black women compared with white women. 
RT @paula_span: Another good reason to keep older adults, already more prone to delirium, out of ICUs: PTSD symptoms. 
RT @cslnyt: Are you so stressed you've got pseudodementia? 
Well: Black-White Divide Persists in Breast Cancer 
The New Old Age Blog: At Too Many Hospitals, a Revolving Door 
Is your kitchen polluting your home? 
F.D.A. Grants Exclusivity to Plan B One-Step 
An assessment by Unicef found declines in female genital cutting in more than half of the countries where it occurs. 
F.D.A Takes Steps Toward Ruling on Menthol Cigarettes 
Keeping a diary for patients can help prevent trauma from a hospital stay. 
Getting intubated in the I.C.U. raising risk for PTSD. Know anyone whose suffered from PTSD after the I.C.U.? 
Recipes for Health: Tomato and Basil Risotto 
Drug Research in China Falls Under a Cloud 
Well: Nightmares After the I.C.U. 
Well: Diaries Aid Mental Recovery 
NASA is experimenting with photons to see if warp drive — traveling faster than light — might one day be possible. 
Searching for Meaningful Markers of Aging 
Well: The Kitchen as a Pollution Hazard 
Letters: Weighing Quality of Life (1 Letter) 
LETTERS: Tackling Kidney Disease (1 Letter) 
Global Health: Mold Toxins Tied to AIDS Epidemic 
Report finds gradual fall in female genital cutting in Africa.  @celiadugger
Anger over American foreign policy has led to a disastrous setback for the global effort against polio. 
Well: Omega-3s May Raise Prostate Cancer Risk 
Report Finds Gradual Fall in Female Genital Cutting in Africa 
Legal Battles Continue as Hospital in Brooklyn Nears Closing Date 
Files Suggest a Graft Case in China May Expand 
Allergies in the Time of Research 
Pakistan Battles Polio, and Its People’s Mistrust 
Recipes for Health: Tomatoes Take Center Stage 
Well: After a Sprain, Don’t Just Walk It Off 
Turning a Disease Into a Sideshow 
Workspace: Inspirations All Around (and a Gym Downstairs) 
Technophoria: Dissent Over a Device to Help Find Melanoma 
This Life : The Care-Package Wars 
The New Old Age Blog: In the Doctor’s Office, a Neglected Resource 
Get in and out of the kitchen. Here are five quick summer stir-fries you can whip up without breaking a sweat. 
RT @celiadugger: More evidence the hpv vaccine -- unused by most american families -- helps prevent cancer. 
Well: Keep Cool in the Kitchen With Quick Stir-Fries 
Well: Low Vitamin D Tied to Aging Problems 
How well do you know this week's health news? Test your know-how here: 
The HPV vaccine appears to protect women against throat cancers caused by oral sex. 
Nurses Roam Empty Halls as State Prepares to Close Long Island College Hospital 
The Texas Tribune: Promoting Health Insurance Exchange, With No Help From State 
Prosper and Live Long: Health-Minded Manhattan Leads in Increased Life Span 
Heroin in New England, More Abundant and Deadly 
Speaking Out for Health Care Act, Obama Says Millions Will Get Rebates 
HPV Vaccine Found to Help With Cancers of Throat 
Abortion Restrictions Become Law in Texas, but Opponents Will Press Fight 
.@danielleofri writes about the importance of respect in the doctor's office. 
RT @SophieEganNYT: Interesting story by @stavernise Racial Disparities in Life Spans Narrow, but Persist 
That chicken you bought at the farmers’ market may not be as healthful as you thought. 
Well: Walking 800 Miles Away From Cancer 
Overweight? Maybe You Really Can Blame Your Metabolism 
Well: Farmers’ Market Chickens Higher in Bacteria 
How do you solve back pain? Whatever you do, don’t ask your doctor. 
Well: In a Culture of Disrespect, Patients Lose Out 
Well: Seeking Alternatives for Back Pain Relief 
Racial Disparities in Life Spans Narrow, but Persist 
Next Steps in Bloomberg’s Obesity Fight: Up the Stairs 
Fashionable Options Reshape Sun-Protective Clothing 
House Votes to Delay Two Requirements of the Health Care Overhaul 
A new radiation therapy can extend the lives of men with the most advanced form of prostate cancer. 
MERS Virus Not Global Emergency, Health Officials Say 
Well: New Radiation Therapy Prolongs Prostate Cancer Survival 
Health insurance premiums for individuals are about to plummet. @RoniCaryn explains. 
RT @ronicaryn: The cost of insurance in New York state will be cut in half next year -- because of Obamacare.
RT @paula_span: Is 90 really the new 80? Danish study shows very old doing better, mentally and functionally, but how much better? 
Those who believe they have cognitive problems, but have no measurable decline may be onto something. @PamBelluck 
The New Old Age Blog: In Europe, Dementia Rates May Be Falling 
Looking for Early Signs of Dementia? Ask the Patient 
Ask an Expert: Answers About Rheumatoid Arthritis, Part 1 
A pill that mimics exercise? @GretchenReynold investigates whether this science fiction may one day become a reality. 
Well: Exercise in a Pill? The Search Continues 
National Briefing Credit Reporting Agency Hired to Verify Incomes for Insurance Subsidies 
Health Plan Cost for New Yorkers Set to Fall 50% 
2 Hospital Networks Agree to Merge, Raising Specter of Costlier Care 
Johnson &amp; Johnson Profit Rises on Strong Prescription Sales 
Supplements Called Risky Are Destroyed 
Can plants get cancer? 
Video: @RoniCaryn breaks down the new health insurance exchanges.  
RT @paula_span: Lovely essay by 26 y.o. on her grandmother w/Alzheimer's. We should all have such children. 
Ask Well: Trying to Avoid Statins 
Cholesterol rates have stopped dropping. Are statins not effective enough to fight heart disease? 
RT @ronicaryn: Everything you ever wanted to know about buying health insurance under the Affordable Care Act, right here: 
Q&amp;A: Can Plants Get Cancer? 
Is a baby conceived in the spring more likely to be premature? @anahadoconnor explains. 
Partial skull removal to relieve pressure in the brain raises questions about quantity vs quality of life. 
Dementia rates among people in England have plummeted by 25 percent over the past two decades, writes @ginakolata. 
Study Finds Dip in Dementia Rates, Evidence of an Anticipated Trend 
National Briefing Study Finds Spatial Skill Is Early Sign of Creativity 
Skull Surgery Offers Perils and Potential 
Recipes for Health: Spicy Stir-Fried Eggplant, Tofu and Water Spinach (Ong Choy) 
Brain Test to Diagnose A.D.H.D. Is Approved 
RT @paula_span: Caregivers weigh in on their frightening, exhausting struggles when relatives w/dementia turn aggressive. 
RT @SophieEganNYT: Fascinating look by @emilymbadger  at differences in life expectancy within US cities: 
Well: Cholesterol Levels Are Leveling Off 
The Consumer: Health Insurance Within Reach 
Letters: Health Care Pricing (1 Letter) 
Letters: Pets and Lyme Disease (1 Letter) 
Global Health: W.H.O. Recognition Is Boost for New Drugs 
Have some extra apricots lying around? Try @MarthaRShulman 's apricot Recipts for Health. 
Well: The Possible Cancer Toll of CT Scans 
Well: Really? Babies Conceived in the Spring Are More Likely to Be Premature 
Everything you need to know about kidney disease from @JaneBrody  
Recipes for Health: Summer Stir-Fries 
Well: Kidney Disease, an Underestimated Killer 
Brazil’s Plan Isn’t What Doctors Would Order 
Chicago’s Intern ‘Boot Camp’ Is a Rehearsal for Life or Death Medical Issues 
City in Russia Unable to Kick Asbestos Habit 
As Mystery Illness Stalks Its Young, India Intensifies Search for a Killer 
Novelties: The Artificial Heart Is Getting a Bovine Boost 
In Mexican Pill, a Texas Option for an Abortion 
Texas Senate Vote Puts Bill Restricting Abortion Over Final Hurdle 
The New Old Age Blog: When Aggression Follows Dementia 
Well: Celebrating Apricot Season 
Well: Ask Well: Calcium, Inflammation and Heart Disease 
Well: Blaming the Patient, Then Asking Forgiveness 
RT @nytimeswell: How did you take care of yourself while your partner was going through treatment? 
New Limits for Arsenic Proposed by F.D.A. 
Well: Anxiety Lingers Long After Cancer 
What? National Briefing World Briefing GlaxoSmithKline Accused of Corruption by China 
Democrats Shrug Off Delays and Affirm Support for Health Law 
Law Spoils Tobacco’s Taste, Australians Say 
In New York City Schools, Students Find Access to Morning-After Pill 
Well: Women and Statins 
Well: Ask Well: Consequences of Low Cholesterol? 
Life, Interrupted 
You asked, @ginakolata answered: Is there any evidence that lowering cholesterol has good effects for women? 
Is it becoming more common for doctors to badmouth each other? 
RT @celiadugger: Influential medical group says umbilical cord should be clamped later. 
Well: A Cancer Doctor of One’s Own 
From Our Children: In Grandmother’s Alzheimer’s, Another Lesson in Family 
Delaying umbilical cord clamping after birth significantly improves iron and hemoglobin levels in newborn babies. 
Well: Air Pollution May Raise Appendicitis Risk 
Well: Doctors Badmouthing Other Doctors 
State of the Art: High-Tech Eyeglasses, Not Made by Google 
2 Competitors Sued by Genetics Company for Patent Infringement 
Encounters: AIDS in New York: Being Alive Was Beyond Belief for Some 
Well: How Faith Can Affect Therapy 
Study Finds Benefits In Delaying Severing Of the Umbilical Cord 
Why you can't remember whom you've told what.   via @DiscoverMag
RT @paula_span: Won't bathe, eat, take meds, accept help. Senior self-neglect is frustrating and dangerous. @judith_graham explains. http:/…
RT @bstrauch: Could this incredibly cute robot help your kids get a needed vaccine?
How does pregnancy affect a runner's body? It's more than just a change in one's center of gravity.  
Health reporter @ginakolata is answering your questions about heart disease and cholesterol. Use #askwell. 
Well: Depression Alters Young Brains 
The New Old Age Blog: Unable to Cope, Unwilling to Accept Aid 
Ask an Expert: Advice on Treating Rheumatoid Arthritis 
Health reporter @ginakolata is answering your questions about heart disease and cholesterol. Use #askwell. 
Roche Abandons New Diabetes Drug 
At Restaurant, Delay Is Help on Health Law 
Cornell Scientist’s Quest: Perfect Broccoli 
National Briefing Rare Mutation Ignites Race for Cholesterol Drug 
Well: How Pregnancy Changes a Runner’s Body 
Texas Resumes Efforts at Abortion Restrictions 
RT @bstrauch: A treat for a summer's day. And not that hard to make.
The importance of communication in the medical office:  
Strange but true: you can have an allergy on just half of your body. 
RT @ginakolata: ever try to get a price before committing to medical care?
RT @paula_span: Maybe THIS is why choral singing is good for elders. New Swedish research:  My #NewOldAge post: http:…
Well: Using a Robot to Ease a Child’s Pain 
The Week: A Meteor’s Shock Wave; Resisting Cholera 
Unlikely Partners, Freeing Chimps From the Lab 
What Is Nostalgia Good For? Quite a Bit, Research Shows 
Pollution Leads to Drop in Life Span in Northern China, Research Finds 
If you only have an hour to workout every week, are you better off doing one long workout or three shorter ones? 
18 and Under: Culprits in a Child’s Headaches 
Can one side of the body be more allergic than the other? 
Q&amp;A: Can One Side of the Body Be More Allergic Than the Other? 
The New Old Age Blog: High Disability Rates Persist in Old Age 
What does it cost to have a baby? 
Hard Cases: Playing, and Losing, as a Medical Team 
.@JaneBrody gets to the bottom of chronic Lyme disease.  
Global Health: Understanding the Protective Side of Dengue Virus 
Well: What Does Birth Cost? Hard to Tell 
RT @cslnyt: Have you heard of valley fever? 
Well: Male Infertility Linked to Cancer 
Well: When Lyme Disease Lasts and Lasts 
Doha Journal: Too Hot to Exercise (and Who Really Wants To?) 
Young Girl Given Bioengineered Windpipe Dies 
Clinton Aide Joins Obama on Health Care 
Conservatives’ Aggressive Ad Campaign Seeks to Cast Doubt on Health Law 
Opinionator National Briefing We keep telling you, put on that sunblock! Here's another reason why: 
Already tired of grilled burgers and hotdogs? Fire up that barbeque and grill some pizza! 
Aspirin to fight cancer? 
Quiz time: Test your knowledge of this week's health news: 
Well: A New Way to Make Pizza 
Well: Skin Cancer on the Rise in Young Women 
Well: How Aspirin Might Stem Cancer 
Well: Ask Well: 3 Short Workouts or 1 Long One? 
Grenoble Journal: Disabled People Say They, Too, Want a Sex Life, and Seek Help in Attaining It 
A Disease Without a Cure Spreads Quietly in the West 
Op-Ed Contributor: Diagnosis: Insufficient Outrage 
2 Infant Formula Makers to Cut Prices After China Starts an Investigation 
British Company Is Awarded Contract to Administer Health Rollout 
China Says Foreign Makers of Baby Formula May Be Fixing Prices 
World Briefing Stricter Rules for Abortion Clinics Are Approved by State Senate in North Carolina  
Yoga Practitioners Gaze at Their Inner Selfies 
Postponing Health Rules Emboldens Republicans 
Health Law Delay Puts Exchanges in Spotlight 
F.D.A. Rule Could Open Generic Drug Makers to Suits 
Well: Keeping Cancer a Secret 
CT Scan May Be Too Good at Finding Lung Problems, Study Finds 
H.I.V.-infected patients who had bone-marrow transplants for cancer have apparently been virus-free for weeks. 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Mysterious Fever Solved! 
Gene Sleuths Find How Some Naturally Resist Cholera 
Scientists Fabricate Rudimentary Human Livers 
Well: Getting Insurance to Pay for Midwives 
Feeling anxious this morning? Consider going out for a run. 
Post-Transplant and Off Drugs, H.I.V. Patients Are Apparently Virus-Free 
National Briefing Bush a Fond Presence in Africa for Work During and Since His Presidency 
Crucial Rule Is Delayed a Year for Obama’s Health Law 
Well: How Exercise Can Calm Anxiety 
Recipes for Health: Grilled Pizza With Grilled Eggplant and Cherry Tomatoes 
Recipes for Health: Pizza on the Grill With Cherry Tomatoes, Mozzarella and Arugula 
Are children more likely to gain weight over the summer? @anahadoconnor explains. 
RT @cslnyt: Regenerating tooth pulp might make root canals unnecessary one day (maybe)   @ShirleySWangWSJ
"More women die from drug overdoses than from cervical cancer or car accidents," writes @stavernise 
Rate of Painkiller Overdose Deaths Rises Among Women 
Planning your menu for the 4th? Forget the burgers and hot dogs. What about throwing a pizza on the grill? 
RT @cslnyt: Pop quiz! What does  “zoonotic" mean? Inside the MERS mystery. 
Challenge: Can you figure out why a 37-year-old woman continues to have fevers, despite getting antibiotics? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Mysterious Fever 
Can you solve our medical mystery? Tune in today at 8AM ET to @nytimeswell for the next Think Like a Doctor challenge.
Think you can solve our medical mystery? Tune in tomorrow at 8AM ET to @nytimeswell for the next Think Like a Doctor challenge.
F.D.A. Prefers Smaller Dosage of Merck Sleep Drug 
Q&amp;A: Can Barometric Pressure Cause Headaches and Other Discomforts? 
Observatory: Tripping Up Memories of Alcohol 
GlaxoSmithKline Is Investigated in China 
Few Signs of a Taste for Diet Pills 
The Consumer: New Approach to Depression 
Well: Gay Marriage: Same, but Different 
Books: Mind Over Matter: Debunking Alternative Medicines 
Interactive: Notable figures' death certificates: 
It is one of a doctor’s most important final acts in caring for a patient, filling out the death certificate. Letters: Fostering Use of Condoms (1 Letter) 
Experts Scramble to Trace the Emergence of MERS 
The New Old Age Blog: On Becoming an ‘Orphan’ 
Global Health: Spurious TB Drugs Pose a Threat 
Well: Really? The Claim: Children Tend to Gain Weight Over Summer Recess 
Feeling stressed? It's probably harming your health. 
The Doctor's World: Making the Right Call, Even in Death 
Working to break down the stigma of autism in minority communities 
Well: Feeling Stressed? It’s Probably Harming Your Health 
.@JaneBrody on the obesity, the disease. 
The cost of birth in the U.S. is the highest in the world. What do you think it should cost to have a baby? 
Recipes for Health: Forgot Tofu Hot Dogs: Pizza on the Grill 
Well: A Label Calls Attention to Obesity 
Paying Till It Hurts: American Way of Birth, Costliest in the World 
In Queens, an Effort to Combat Autism’s Stigma Among Korean-Americans 
W.H.O. Issues Guidelines for Earlier H.I.V. Treatment 
News Analysis: Why Healthy Eaters Fall for Fries 
Breaking the Seal on Drug Research 
Local Officials Asked to Help on Health Law 
National Briefing Hepatitis Threat Forces Another Frozen Fruit Recall 
F.D.A. Approves a Drug for Hot Flashes 
RT @cslnyt: Patients on pain pills "opt out of life" depleted of energy.  @BarryMeier @taraparkerpope
The New Old Age Blog: Fewer Hospitalizations for C.O.P.D. Patients 
Fewer women are undergoing early-term Caesarean deliveries, according to new government data.  
Well: A Bowl of Cherries 
Don't read this article while walking. 
Well: Dangers of Distracted Walking 
U.S. Standards for School Snacks Move Beyond Cafeteria to Fight Obesity 
More Standards Released for School Nutrition 
The New Old Age Blog: Two Web Sites to Visit 
Well: Rate of Early C-Sections Has Slowed, Study Finds 
"I wanted to go from zero to 60, but I’m learning to accept zero to 15," writes @suleikajaouad 
Well: Study Finds No Vaccine Link to Guillain-Barré 
Really? Runners show less fatigue after 200 miles than 100 miles.  h/t @NatGeo
Life, Interrupted: Unkept Resolutions 
Put down that sandwich! Eating carbs now can make you want to eat more later. 
Doctor and Patient: The Gulf Between Doctors and Nurse Practitioners 
Matter: Studying Tumors Differently, in Hopes of Outsmarting Them 
Well: How Carbs Can Trigger Food Cravings 
State of the Art: Wearable Devices Nudge You to Health 
Counterfeit Food More Widespread Than Suspected 
Ask an Expert: Gardening Advice for Aging Bodies, Part 2 
Ask an Expert: Advice for Caregivers of Relatives With Cancer 
I Was Misinformed: No Nachos for You, General Zod, We’re on Weight Watchers 
Well: The Problem With Pain Pills 
The New Old Age Blog: Walking Away From Medicare 
RT @bstrauch: I'm trying this four minute workout as by @GretchenReynolds explains in  So far, it makes me incredibl…
.@Pogue weighs in on those wearable health trackers. 
Ever bought special shoes because your foot pronates as you run? Well, that probably doesn't matter much.  
Recipes for Health: Purslane Salad With Cherries and Feta 
Well: A Popular Myth About Running Injuries 
Filibuster in Texas Senate Tries to Halt Abortion Bill 
Profit Rises, but Walgreen Falls Short of Estimates 
How to Invest in Dope 
Tips for getting better sleep, from @JaneBrody 
Looking for something to make with those delicious cherries from the market? Look no further: 
RT @DQuenqua: Far too many highlights in today's @PamBelluck condom story to choose just one. Check it out 
Grim fact: suicide rates seem to rise in the early spring. Is there a seasonal reason? 
Well: Why Smoking Rates Are at New Lows 
F.D.A. Begins Regulating Tobacco Products 
Plan to take a walk after lunch? It may help to improve your digestion: 
Room for Debate: Getting Your Endorphin Fix 
20 minutes, 7 minutes, 4 minutes - recommended workout times are ever-shrinking. Is there science behind the trend? 
RT @PamBelluck: The Rubber Match: seeking condoms men  want to use. Contribute your own ideas on our web site:  http:…
RT @celiadugger: Pam Belluck on the search for a feel good condom to fight hiv and unwanted pregnancy. 
Hepatitis C Test for Baby Boomers Urged by Health Panel 
Recipes for Health: Farro Pilaf With Balsamic Cherries 
In 5-4 Ruling, Justices Say Generic Makers Are Not Liable for Design of Drugs 
U.S. Unveils Health Care Web Site and Call Center 
How would you improve condoms to increase regular use around the world? 
Well: Clues in the Cycle of Suicide 
Well: Getting Men to Want to Use Condoms 
Global Health: Rubella Epidemics in Japan and Poland 
Really?: The Claim: Taking a Walk After a Meal Aids Digestion 
Well: The Rise of the Minimalist Workout 
The New Old Age Blog: Two Blogs Worth Reading 
Well: Steps for More, and Better, Sleep 
Recipes for Health: Arugula, Cherry and Goat Cheese Salad 
Reinventing Long-Term Care, and Beckoning Firms Accused of Fraud 
Legislature Approves Bill Allowing Pharmacists to Give Meningitis Vaccination 
Employers Test Plans That Cap Health Costs 
News Analysis: Profiting From Pain 
Golfer Leaves Hospital as a Survivor, Returns as a Winner 
The Texas Tribune: A Policy Keeps Some Texas Doctors From the Delivery Room 
Data Points: Why a Health Insurance Penalty May Look Tempting 
A Louisville Clinic Races to Adapt to the Health Care Overhaul 
Business Briefing National Briefing U.S. Moves to Seize Dietary Supplement From GNC Warehouses 
Molly: Pure, but Not So Simple 
California Pushes for Immigrant Health 
The New Old Age Blog: Learning to Spot Frailty 
Well: Summer Bean Salads 
Well: Reasons to Get a Flu Shot 
Your local coffee shop may be the best place to get your work done.   And it's not because of the caffeine boost. 
What's for dinner tonight? Fava Bean and Asparagus Salad: 
Weiner Wants City to Test Single-Payer Health Care 
National Briefing Well: How the Hum of a Coffee Shop Can Boost Creativity 
Op-Ed Contributor: My Abortion, at 23 Weeks 
World Briefing U.S. Approves a Label for Meat From Animals Fed a Diet Free of Gene-Modified Products 
Rules to Ban Menthol and Slim Cigarettes Divide Europeans  
Justices Say U.S. Cannot Impose Antiprostitution Condition on AIDS Grants 
National Parks Raise Guard Against Virus  
Sometimes the price of cancer treatment is a loss of intimacy, writes Susan Gubar.
Well: Iron Supplements May Reduce Pregnancy Risks 
The best workout news yet: 4 minutes for better health. 
Living With Cancer: Seeking Intimacy 
What's for dinner tonight? How about a red bean and green bean salad from @MarthaRShulman? 
Getting fat on the company's dime.  
Choruses for older adults have popped up in many communities. Studies suggest they offer some unexpected benefits. 
The New Old Age: A Search for Harmony 
Well: When Fear Is a Barrier to Good Care 
National Briefing The Calorie-Packed Perk 
Trial Run: Sunscreen No Longer Just for Sun 
East Wing Journal: Michelle Obama Promotes Healthy Eating With a Grass-Roots Campaign 
Fast-Spreading Virus Under Inquiry in Saudi Arabia 
Well: Obesity in Teenagers Is Tied to Hearing Loss 
Skin Deep: Rethinking Makeup’s Sun Protection 
Study Finds Sharp Drop in HPV Infections in Girls 
Ask an Expert: Gardening Advice for Aging Bodies, Part 1 
RT @cslnyt: A 4-Minute Sprint? Count me in. 
De Blasio Offers Ideas in Policy Book for Election 
Op-Ed Contributor: Our Genes, Their Secrets 
Board to Vote on Condoms in Boston Schools 
A.M.A. Recognizes Obesity as a Disease 
Nickelodeon Resists Critics of Food Ads 
Well: The 4-Minute Workout 
The New Old Age Blog: A Deadline Missed 
Do you shortchange yourself on sleep? The effects of inadequate sleep can profoundly affect physical health. 
RT @TorontoStar: Sesame Street takes on the tough topic of incarceration with new character Alex, whose dad is in jail. 
RT @nytimesscience: ‘How to Be a Friend to a Friend Who’s Sick’ Can Be Harder Than It Sounds 
Learn how to make blintzes with @andrewscrivani. 
Out with the lab rats. Some researchers are using silicon chips to test drugs.   via @WSJ
From the @WSJ, A physician has been chosen to lead the @KomenfortheCure charity. 
RT @bstrauch: It's never easy to figure out what to say to a person who is sick. Here are a few good tips.
RT @celiadugger: Gina Kolata on the perils of genetic privacy.  
Using allergens to bully:  @cslnyt
Recipes for Health: Lentil Salad With Fresh Favas 
Outside Review of Clinical Data Finds a Spinal Treatment’s Benefit Overstated 
Letters: ‘Back To Sleep’ Dividends (1 Letter) 
Letters: Factors for Dental Checkups (1 Letter) 
Letters: Animals Are Patients Too 
Well: In Bullies’ Hands, Nuts or Milk May Be a Weapon 
H.I.V. Tests Urged for 800 Million in India 
The Consumer: The Heart Perils of Pain Relievers 
‘How to Be a Friend to a Friend Who’s Sick’ Can Be Harder Than It Sounds 
Books: In ‘What Doctors Feel,’ Pain Is Not Just the Realm of Patients 
The torment that is often shrugged off as normal sibling rivalry may not always be so benign. 
Really?: The Claim: Biofeedback Devices Can Lower Blood Pressure 
"The consumption of food is a life-sustaining process. Cake normalizes things.” On so-called "death cafes." 
Personal Health: Cheating Ourselves of Sleep 
Well: When the Bully Is a Sibling 
Recipes for Health: Black-Eyed Pea Salad With Fennel and Dill 
Choice of Health Plans to Vary Sharply From State to State 
News Analysis: Poking Holes in Genetic Privacy 
The New Old Age Blog: Death Be Not Decaffeinated: Over Cup, Groups Face Taboo 
Well: A Different Kind of Fatherhood 
Economic View: What Sweden Can Tell Us About Obamacare 
California to Expand Medicaid 
Novelties: A Wearable Alert to Head Injuries in Sports 
Opinionator: Million-Anecdote Baby 
Jerome Karle, 94, Dies; Nobelist for Crystallography 
Medicare Panel Urges Cuts to Hospital Payments for Services Doctors Offer for Less 
Behind Scolding of the F.D.A., a Complex and Gentle Judge 
Well: Small Grains, Big Nutrition 
Does it matter if I work out three days in a row, rather than spreading my exercise through the week?  #askwell
The New Old Age Blog: A Family Ritual Gains New Life 
Video: Which genes can be patented? @ginakolata explains. 
"The secret to making the perfect blintzes was to get the crepe paper-thin." writes @dawnlerman 
Well: Ask Well: How Often to Exercise 
Well: A Fat Dad Father’s Day 
After Patent Ruling, Availability of Gene Tests Could Broaden 
Well: Life, Interrupted: The Cost of Cancer 
Supreme Court Rules Human Genes May Not Be Patented 
"Isolated human genes may not be patented, the Supreme Court ruled unanimously on Thursday." 
Well: Breast Milk Is Good for the Brain, Scans Show 
The New Old Age: Medicare to Pay Less for Diabetes Care Supplies 
Slideshow: How cities are making biking safer for everyone. 
Well: An ‘Up’ Outlook Can Improve Our Health 
Well: Bike Sharing Can Mean Safer Biking 
National Briefing Federal Plan for ‘Morning After’ Pill’s Sale Is Approved 
House Panel Advances Bill To Restrict Abortions  
E-Cigarettes Are in Vogue and at a Crossroads 
Did you wash your hands properly after you used the toilet? Don't lie. We all know you probably didn't. 
What Happens to Women Who Are Denied Abortions? 
Pill Prevents H.I.V. Among Drug Addicts in a Study 
"Drug-injecting addicts who took a daily antiretroviral pill were half as likely to become infected with H.I.V."   
Well: Hearing Loss Takes a Health Toll 
The New Old Age Blog: When Hearing Aids Won’t Do 
Do you use FitBit or another fitness tracker? @GretchenReynold looks at how accurate they are: 
RT @BarryMeier: Pills and Profits. Walgreens Agrees to Pay $80 million to Settle DEA charges 
Recipes for Health: Millet and Greens Gratin — Recipes for Health 
Well: How Accurate Are Fitness Trackers? 
Economic Scene: Examinations of Health Care Overlook Mergers 
Walgreen to Pay $80 Million for Lax Control of Painkillers 
Bloomberg Presses for Reversal of Court Ban on Sugary Drink Limits 
Lifting Restrictions of ‘Morning After’ Pill Has Little Impact for Drug Maker 
Obama Waves White Flag in Contraceptive Battle 
U.S. Moves to Declare Captive Chimps Endangered 
Well: Safety: Hand Washing Lags 
RT @ginakolata: A mouse hospital? 
Michael Douglas said he developed throat cancer from H.P.V. Why isn't there a way to screen men for this virus? 
In a study of 10,000 visits to a children’s hospital ER, constipation was the most common diagnosis.  @PerriKlass
RT @cslnyt: Smokers &amp; ppl w/ diabetes may need 2+ visits to dentist a yr, new study says. 
The New Old Age Blog: Something Afoot in the Nursing Home 
Recipes for Health: Bran and Chia Muffins — Recipes for Health 
Vote Aids Children Under 12 Seeking Lung Transplant 
In Reversal, Obama to End Effort to Restrict Morning-After Pill 
18 and Under: The Pain of Constipation 
Hard Cases: Don’t Do Something; Just Sit There 
News Analysis: Oral Cancer Sneaks Up 
Letters: Judaism and DNA (2 Letters) 
Letters: Children and Sports 
Global Health: New Rapid Malaria Test Uses Magnets and a Laser 
In a Hospital for Mice, Hope for Men 
Huge numbers of children can't swim. That's why drowning is the second leading cause of death among children.  
Well: Really? The Claim: Fibromyalgia Is Affected by Weather 
Well: Rethinking the Schedule for Visits to the Dentist 
Well: Swimming and the Fear Factor 
Well: Safety: Designated Drivers Often Drink 
Recipes for Health: Amaranth, Ricotta and Greens Pancakes 
Advertising: Nestlé Adds Premium Brand in Still Water Arena  
Opinion: Don’t Take Your Vitamins 
Editorial: What’s All the Fuss About Bikes? 
Restaurant Chains Try to Woo a Younger Generation 
Protest in Bosnia Over IDs Traps Hundreds in Parliament 
Your Money: Fine Print and Red Tape in Long-Term Care Policies 
For Homebound Students, a Robot Proxy in the Classroom 
Well: Spinach Soup Recipes for Health 
Well: Health Apps as Parenting Aids 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Cough Solved 
News Analysis: In Americas, Resistance to Legal Marijuana 
F.D.A. Advisers Vote to Relax Restrictions on Avandia 
Urban Athlete: Aqua Cycling Is an Underwater Spinning Workout 
An Experimental Drug’s Bitter End 
Hey moms, roll that baby over, "tummy time" may not be needed. 
Well: Childhood: Back to Sleep Campaign 
"Eyebrows, I thought, would be good. Eyebrows seem like something it might be reasonable to want." 
The New Old Age Blog: Empathy Without Boundaries 
Well: Uncertainty Is Hard for Doctors 
National Briefing Well: Living With Cancer: Look Good, Feel Better 
RT @celiadugger: Rigorous hopeful study in nej of therapy for congo rape victims 
Challenge: Can you figure out what is wrong with a previously healthy woman with a cough that just won’t quit?  
Well: Think Like a Doctor: A Cough That Won’t Quit 
Well: This Is Your Brain on Coffee 
Chief of Boston Marathon Bombing Fund Stands Firm on Deadline 
National Briefing Judge Orders All Restrictions Lifted on Some Morning-After Pills 
G.M.O. Label on Kraft Mac &amp; Cheese Box Raises Alarm 
Therapy for Rape Victims Shows Promise 
RT @ginakolata: Trying to get a handle on genetic data 
RT @nytimeswell: Can you figure out the cause of a chronic cough? Join us as 8AM ET at @nytimeswell, for Think Like a Doctor to solve the m…
Panel Urges Better Gathering of Gun-Violence Data 
Do you run barefoot? A large number of studies suggest minimalist running doesn't make it less injurious. 
Global Partners Agree on Sharing Trove of Genetic Data 
Well: Is Barefoot-Style Running Best? New Studies Cast Doubt 
Critics of Health Care Law Outspending Its Supporters on Ads 
Sebelius Asked Companies to Support Health Care Law 
Diabetes Is the Price Vietnam Pays for Progress 
Memo From Latin America: Woman Who Sought Abortion in El Salvador Delivers Baby 
France Offers Evidence of ‘Multiple’ Uses of Nerve Gas in Syria 
Well: Patterns: Alzheimer's Drugs May Protect Heart 
Hepatitis Warning Leads to a Berry Recall 
The New Old Age Blog: Part D, Without Paying a Dime 
RT @nytimeswell: We're chatting with NYT's Barry Meier at 3:30 about pain treatment, pills &amp; the opioid boom. Tweet your questions to @nyti…
What's the worst sport for causing head injuries? 
People who diligently use sunscreen every day can slow the development of wrinkles and sagging skin.   @ginakolata
Throat Cancer Link to Oral Sex Gains Credence 
Polio Virus Discovered in Sewage From Israel 
Israeli Start-Up Gives Visually Impaired a Way to Read 
Promising New Cancer Drugs Empower the Body’s Own Defense System 
Recipes for Health: Andalusian Chickpea and Spinach Soup — Recipes for Health 
Well: Microsampling Air Pollution 
RT @KarenBBarrow: Who has to be Jewish to make a baby conceived via donor egg Jewish?  
Well: What Makes a Jewish Mother 
Well: Slathering on Sunscreen Shows Results, Researchers Find 
F.D.A. Experts Find No Misconduct in Avandia Tests 
Growing Left, Growing Right – How a Body Breaks Symmetry 
Global Health: Plastic Bags to Keep Premature Babies Warm 
Well: Men’s Use of Hormone on the Rise 
RT @nytimeswell: We're chatting with @BarryMeier Tues at 3:30 about his book, "A World of Hurt." Send questions to @nytimeswell 
Letters: Dealing With Breast Cancer (2 Letters) 
Letters: Patients With Disabilities (1 Letter) 
Books: ‘Counterclockwise’ and ‘Up’ - In Pursuit of Longevity 
Prepare your child correctly to keep them playing sports safely. 
Well: Really? The Claim: Cycling Is the Top Sport for Head Injuries 
Second Thoughts on Safety of Avandia Stir a Dispute 
Two Studies Challenge Avastin’s Effectiveness Against a Rare Brain Cancer 
Merck Has Strong Results in a Cancer Drug Trial 
Experts Debate Plan to Speed Antibiotic Development 
Well: Helping Children Play Safely in Sports 
Recipes for Health: Puréed Spinach Soup With Middle Eastern Spices 
Spared Death, Aging People With H.I.V. Struggle to Live 
Opinionator Drug Used to Treat Kidney Cancer Is Found to Hold Off Relapses of Ovarian Cancer 
Paying Till It Hurts: Colonoscopies Explain Why U.S. Leads the World in Health Expenditures 
Dr. Dean Brooks, ‘Cuckoo’s Nest’ Doctor, Dies at 96 
World Briefing The New Old Age Blog: The Family Caregiver Turns Pro 
Well: Childbirth: Maternal Diet Affects Child's Bone 
Beautiful photos by @RobertSturman: The teaching of yoga in Africa. Well: New Tricks for Old Grains 
RT @celiadugger: Being jobless is bad for your health, reports Sabrina Tavernise 
Pollution Concerns Could Douse California Beach Fires 
Well: Yoga in Africa 
Japan Suspends Some Imports of U.S. Wheat 
Urban Athlete: JumpLife, a Fitness Studio in TriBeCa 
Health Law Is Fostering Competition, Administration Says 
Doctor’s Doubts Imperil Lucrative Diabetes Drugs 
Study: Medical interns devote about eight minutes each day to each patient, only about 12 percent of their time. 
“Cancer is not something that makes you want to share,” @suleikajaouad says. Video by @yoshaylaharris  
Well: Symptoms: Losing Weight May Ease Psoriasis 
Well: Hazards: Medical Marijuana and Children 
RT @celiadugger: Being jobless is bad for your health, reports Sabrina Tavernise 
The New Old Age Blog: Trapped in the Hospital Bed 
Well: Life, Interrupted: Going Public With Cancer 
Well: For New Doctors, 8 Minutes Per Patient 
National Briefing Joblessness Shortens Lifespan of Least Educated White Women, Research Says 
Hospital Caring for an Heiress Pressed Her to Give Lavishly 
Wariness Over a Deal Intended to Deliver More Pork to China 
No Impact Found for Stimulants on Later Drug Abuse 
Genetically Engineered Wheat Found in Oregon Field 
Well: Winning the MRSA Battle in Hospitals 
Immigrants Give More to Medicare Than They Receive, a Study Finds 
The New Old Age Blog: What Not to Say at the Bedside 
RT @cslnyt: Hoarders face rat urine, fire and now task forces  
"I look fat in these jeans:" Reporter @JanHoffmanNYT on the @todayshow speaks about the phenomenon of "Fat Talk." 
RT @cslnyt: "To eat less, run first." (Instead of walking) 
Well: Is It Better to Walk or Run? 
Recipes for Health: Barley and Spring Onion Soup With Fava Beans — Recipes for Health 
World Briefing Op-Ed Contributor: Addressing Medical Errors 
Hospitals Struggle to Get Workers to Wash Their Hands 
Anti-Polio Campaign Worker Shot Dead in Pakistan 
Health Care in Vast Alaska Frontier Is Spread Thin 
Our roving runner, @brianfidelman takes to a bike to explore downtown Brooklyn. 
Well: The Roving Runner Rides a Bike 
Do you know the correct way to apply sunscreen? Hint: you're probably doing it incorrectly. 
Fact: Canned vegetables may not be worse than fresh produce. 
3 to 5 percent of Americans suffering from hoarding. Now, officials are working together to address the behavior. 
“I can’t believe I ate that brownie. I am so fat!” 
@beccanalia - what are you using to view the recipe?
Recipes for Health: Sorghum Salad With Cucumbers — Recipes for Health 
Recipes for Health: Sorghum Bowl With Black Beans, Amaranth and Avocado — Recipes for Health 
My Story: For a Boomer, Sunscreens Came Late and Cancer Too Soon 
Microbes Hitch a Ride on the Subway 
High-End Health Plans Scale Back to Avoid ‘Cadillac Tax’ 
New York Archdiocese Reluctantly Paying for Birth Control 
Getting to Know Our Microbial Roommates 
Well: The New Rules for Sunscreen 
Q&amp;A: Having a Baby After Menopause 
Global Health: Polio Reappears in the Horn of Africa 
Well: Really? The Claim: Fresh Produce Has More Nutrients Than Canned 
News Analysis: New Tools to Hunt New Viruses 
The Scan: Tasting Words; DNA Art; Neuroscience on the Small Screen 
Well: ‘Fat Talk’ Compels but Carries a Cost 
Visuals: Young Drivers and Alcohol: A Deadly Mix 
Well: Couples Facing the Ordeal of Cancer 
Food Companies Seeking Ingredients That Aren’t Gene-Altered 
Polarized Congress Thwarts Changes to Health Care Law 
Understanding Hoarding 
When Hoarding Morphs Into a Safety Hazard 
Opinion: Breeding the Nutrition Out of Our Food 
Clash Over Who Is Allowed to Whiten Your Smile 
National Briefing States’ Policies on Health Care Exclude Poorest 
A Program to Combat Food Contamination 
Well: Chia Smoothie Recipes for Health 
Well: Mind: Depression and Stroke Risk 
Study: One out of five offices refused to book an appointment for a wheelchair-bound, overweight patient.  
Ask Well: White-Coat Hypertension 
California Puts Tentative Price on Health Policies Under New Law 
“They assume I am not intelligent, that I must live with family or in an institution,” said Ms. Jacobson. 
Photo Essay: Ms. Jacobson was born with cerebral palsy, but she lives life dedicated to improving the world. 
The Mind Inside 
Doctor and Patient: Doctors Ill Prepared for Patients With Disabilities 
"Children intuit that the mother who comforts by murmuring “I am here” will not always be there," writes Susan Gubar 
Well: Mothers With Cancer 
Think you know what's in your cup of green tea? You may want to read this: 
Well: Awareness: Heartburn Tied to Throat Cancer 
Oregon: Fluoride Measure in Portland Is Defeated 
National Briefing From a Neanderthal Molar, Scientists Infer Early Weaning 
Editorial: The Aftermath of Measles Vaccine Scare in Britain 
Well: What’s in Your Green Tea? 
Well: Aging: Fewer Elderly Deaths in Flu Pandemics 
RT @celiadugger: Don't miss Denise Grady's obit of a pistol of a woman. Barbara Brenner, Breast Cancer Iconoclast, Dies at 61 
A new study suggests that statins may block some of the benefits of exercise.   @GretchenReynold
The New Old Age Blog: DNR by Another Name 
City Will Speed Cleanup of PCB-Filled Lights in Schools 
Dupilumab, a New Drug, May Help Some Asthmatics 
Well: Can Cholesterol Drugs Undo Exercise Benefits? 
Chinese Bear Bile Farming Draws Charges of Cruelty 
World Briefing Arizona’s Ban on Abortions Struck Down in Federal Court 
Cadmium-Tainted Rice Discovered in Southern China 
Respiratory infections and related fevers, not the use of pain relievers, may be responsible for raised asthma risk 
RT @celiadugger: A sobering counterpoint to anjelina jolie on beast reconstruction surgery. 
The New Old Age Blog: V.A. Warns Aging Veterans Against ‘Pension Poachers’ 
Progress in breast reconstruction, and its downsides, by @ronicaryn  
Well: Pain Relievers Do Not Cause Asthma, Study Finds 
RT @cslnyt: To treat or not to treat pre-teen acne?  @AADskin
Q&amp;A: How Do You Prevent Toenails From Thickening and Getting Deformed? 
Books: In Essays, Nurses Highlight Job’s Tedious Duties and Profound Implications 
RT @KarenBBarrow: Maybe pregnant women would be best to skip bed rest  @anahadoconnor
How has your child injured you? Punched and Poked by Their Pride and Joy 
Recipes for Health: Banana Wild Blueberry Smoothie With Chia Seeds — Recipes for Health 
Barbara Brenner, Breast Cancer Iconoclast, Dies at 61 
Overruns Forcing Lower Payments to Some Providers in Stopgap Health Program 
Advertising: Aiming Autism Ads at Hispanic and African-American Parents 
Half of Hospital Admissions From Emergency Rooms 
“Children,” she said wearily, “can be dangerous.” Well: No Quick or Easy Choices 
Well: Younger Children Seek an Acne Cure 
Well: When Children Pose a Danger to Parents 
Letters: It Takes a Community (1 Letter) 
Letters: Pain Management 
Well: Really? The Claim: For a Difficult Pregnancy, Bed Rest Is Best 
"More than half of added calories, 242 a day, come from fats and oils. Another 167 calories from flour and cereal."  
Mind: The D.S.M.-5 as a Guide, not a ‘Bible’ 
Global Health: 4 Germs Cause Most of Infants’ Severe Diarrhea 
Recipes for Health: Banana Muesli Smoothie — Recipes for Health 
Well: Many Fronts in Fighting Obesity 
Potential Donors to Enroll America Grow Skittish 
Navajo Confront Increase in New H.I.V. Infections 
Opinion: Disease and the Public Eye 
The Texas Tribune: With Consensus and Money, State Takes on Mental Health Care 
Marijuana Bill Advances in Illinois 
Shinseki Faces Mounting Criticism Over Backlog of Benefit Claims 
The Health Toll of Immigration 
For Gay Men, a Fear That Feels Familiar 
World Briefing Abortion Law in Arkansas Is Blocked by U.S. Judge 
Staying in a nonsmoking room in a hotel that allows smoking elsewhere does not prevent exposure to tobacco smoke.  
Well: Focaccia Recipes for Health 
Can I crush aspirin so its coating does not prevent me from fully metabolizing it?  Have a health question? #askwell
The New Old Age Blog: After the Denial Letter Arrives 
National Briefing Juvenile Inmates Found to Be at No Greater Risk for Prison Rape 
"I was looking forward to being just Suleika, and not Suleika the Cancer Patient," @suleikajaouad 
Well: Safety: Smoke in Nonsmoking Hotel Rooms 
Finally, a gym class you can take your dog to. 
Well: Ask Well: Coated vs. Uncoated Aspirin 
A marathon training plan without the long run. Does it work? @byJenAMiller 
House Votes Again to Repeal Health Law 
J.&amp;J. Unit Phasing Out All-Metal Hip Devices 
Urban Athlete: Exercise Class, Obedience Not Required 
A Data Trove Now Guides Drug Company Pitches 
Well: Life, Interrupted: Getting Away 
Well: Running With the Hansons Method 
Well: Seeking Calm on the Cancer Ward 
Marilyn Tavenner Confirmed as Medicaid and Medicare Chief 
Observatory: Frog Once Used in Pregnancy Tests Spread Deadly Fungus 
The Hard Road Back: Baffling Rise in Suicides Plagues U.S. Military 
Melanoma Treatment Harnesses Immune System to Combat Cancer Cells 
Scientists Use Cloning to Create Embryonic Stem Cells 
Well: Regimens: LDL Cholesterol Levels Stop Decline 
"It’s better not to drink and drive, but if you do, keep it under 0.05.” Well: Childbirth: Flu Linked to Bipolar Disorder 
The New Old Age Blog: The ‘Long and Unacceptable’ Wait for a Veterans’ Benefit 
Well: Sports Injuries and Athletic Shoes 
Recipes for Health: Focaccia With Sweet Onion and Caper Topping — Recipes for Health 
World Briefing National Briefing N.T.S.B. Endorses Lower Legal Alcohol Limit for Drivers 
House Republicans to Vote Again on Repealing Health Care 
"Most women with breast cancer do not have BRCA mutations and do not need to be tested for them" @nytDeniseGrady 
Angelina Jolie’s Disclosure Highlights a Breast Cancer Dilemma 
That's up from less than 3 percent in the late 1990s. @taraparkerpope 
It is estimated that as many as 15 percent of women with breast cancer have both breasts removed, @taraparkerpope 
RT @zabmaria: More than 800 comments to "My Medical Choice" by Angelina Jolie 
If you carry a gene mutation that increases your risk of cancer, when does it become too much to handle? 
Well: Cracking Down on Drinking and Driving 
Here is a 2007 story by @amy_harmon about a another woman, 33, who decided to undergo a double mastectomy. 
The BRCA1 mutation raises a woman's risk of developing breast cancer to between 60 and 90 percent. 
250,000 American women are estimated to carry a mutation in BRCA1 or BRCA2, raising their risk for breast cancer. 
Panel Finds No Benefit in Sharply Restricting Sodium 
Are you cutting salt to lower heart risk? Maybe you don't have to: 
Angelina Jolie shares her story about opting for a double mastectomy because of her genetic risk for breast cancer: 
The New Old Age Blog: Vermont Passes ‘Aid in Dying’ Measure 
Op-Ed Contributor: My Medical Choice 
Recipes for Health: Focaccia With Tomatoes and Rosemary — Recipes for Health 
France Confirms Second Case of Virus Linked to SARS 
National Briefing Ranbaxy in $500 Million Settlement of Generic Drug Case 
Kermit Gosnell, Abortion Doctor, Found Guilty of Murder 
18 and Under: Poverty as a Childhood Disease 
Well: My Stroke of Luck 
The Consumer: Doctors’ Lucrative Industry Ties 
Ever go grocery shopping hungry? Did you buy something you regretted? 
Well: Shaking Off Loneliness 
Well: Hard Cases: The Traps of Treating Pain 
“We don’t know how many pathways there are to heart disease, that’s the power of genetics. To try and dissect that.”  
Global Health: An iPhone Jury-Rigged as a Microscope 
In the Family: Heart Disease 
Well: Really? Never Go Grocery Shopping on an Empty Stomach 
Recipes for Health: Whole-Wheat Focaccia 
A New Approach to Disciplining Mentally Ill Inmates 
Well: Childbirth: Formula With Breast-Feeding 
Seeking Clues to a Heart Killer in the DNA Binding a Family 
Derek Boogaard’s Family Sues N.H.L. for Wrongful Death 
Hospital Mergers in Northwest Raise Issue of Abortion Barriers 
Soothing Back Pain by Learning How to Sit Again 
Professor, Ex-Addict, Confronts Perils American Indians Face 
The Texas Tribune: Bill Would Let Texas Doctors Get Data From Driver’s Licenses 
Opinion: Why the Fuss Over the D.S.M.-5? 
Safety Advocates Focus on Hidden Threats to Young Athletes 
Step-by-step instructions: The 7 minute exercise routine that works. 
Out of cucumbers? Here are 5 recipes from @MarthaRShulman for less-conventional pickles. 
Judge Refuses to Drop His Order Allowing Morning-After Pill for All Ages 
Talk: What Cecile Richards Has Learned From Todd Akin 
The Ethicist: Should I Protect a Patient at the Expense of an Innocent Stranger? 
World Briefing Safe Drinking Water Elusive for Many in California 
Storm Plans for Disabled Are Inadequate, U.S. Says 
Environmental Review to Delay Two Engineered Crops 
Endo Loses Bid to Block Sales of Generic Painkiller 
Dannon Cuts Sugar, Carefully, in Children’s Yogurt 
Obama Vigorously Defends Health Care Law 
Study Finds an Increase in Arsenic Levels in Chicken 
If you have a gold crown replaced, should you ask for it back to sell the gold? @cslnyt finds out. 
RT @cslnyt: Does yr dental crown need to be replaced? Not necessarily. 
Well: Pickle Recipes for Health 
Hey, dog lovers, owning a pooch may protect you from heart disease.  
Well: Ask Well: Replacing a Dental Crown 
The New Old Age Blog: Dementia Units May Improve Care, Studies Suggest 
Congress to Look Into Drug Known as DMAA 
"When my patient Suzy took herself off the active liver transplant list, she was too embarrassed to tell me." 
"Why is it harder for me to share good news than bad news?"   @nytimeswell
Quiz: How well do you know the latest health news? 
Well: Heart Disease and Dogs 
Is high blood pressure good for children's grades?  
Well: Living With Cancer: Good News Soup 
The 7 minute exercise routine that works, courtesy of @GretchenReynold .
Well: Pressing Patients to Change Their Minds 
Prices Cut for HPV Cervical Cancer Vaccines for Neediest 
Well: The Scientific 7-Minute Workout 
New York City Now Says It Can Speed Up Replacing School Lights Containing PCBs 
F.D.A. Inquiry Leads Wrigley to Halt ‘Energy Gum’ Sales 
Undercover Video Targets Abortion Doctor 
Well: Mind: High Blood Pressure and Self Esteem in Teenagers 
Well: Body: Depression and C. Difficile Infections 
Are 'hot hands' in sports a real thing? @GretchenReynold investigates. 
The New Old Age Blog: A Mother’s Day Gift 
Ask an Expert: Advice on Practicing Yoga in Middle Age, Part 1 
Patients Say Gastric-Band Procedure Won’t Guarantee Weight Loss 
Well: Winning Streaks in Sports 
Prostate Cancer Test From Genomic Health Assesses Risks 
Hospital Billing Varies Wildly, U.S. Data Shows 
National Briefing Foreign Food Inspections Decline as Illnesses Rise 
Christie Had Weight-Loss Surgery 
Highest Rate of First-Day Deaths of Newborns in Africa 
Alzheimer’s Treatment Failed Trial, Maker Says 
Video: Take a run with @brianfidelman through the splendor of @NYBG  Where's your favorite place to run?
Otis R. Bowen, Health Secretary and Indiana Governor, Dies at 95 
The Roving Runner: The New York Botanical Garden 
Our most popular story, two days later: Sucking your child's pacifier clean may have benefits. 
“As long as the research community takes the D.S.M. to be a bible, we’ll never make progress,”  @PamBelluck
RT @UNCDentistry: Don't miss the @nytimeshealth article about obstacles facing #pregnant women who need #dental care! 
How are medical schools tackling the challenge of making their classes truly diverse?   @paulinechen
Recipes for Health: Spring Carrot Pickles With Caraway — Recipes for Health 
National Briefing Republicans Readying New Offensive Over Health Law 
Slowdown in Rise of Health Care Costs May Persist 
Pfizer Begins Selling Viagra Online 
Psychiatry’s New Guide Falls Short, Experts Say 
Pregnant? Don't let your dentist say you can't get your teeth cleaned.   @cslnyt
Well: Obstacles for Pregnant Women Seeking Dental Care 
Well: Risks: Omega-3s Don't Aid Macular Degeneration 
Well: F.D.A. Proposes New Tanning Bed Warnings 
Well: Falling Short on Fit 
Great recipes: A wide tangy, crisp, briny variety of pickled vegetables. 
DealBook: 2 Big Banks Face Lawsuit on Mortgages 
Well: Really? Most of the Added Sugar in Our Diets Comes From Sugary Drinks 
RT @cslnyt: 800+ comments on @taraparkerpope story about suicide rates rising. 
Global Health: Raising Awareness About Maternal Deaths 
Maurice Hilleman, M.M.R. Vaccine’s Forgotten Hero 
The New Old Age Blog: Low-Risk Skin Cancers Often Treated Too Aggressively in Elderly, Study Finds 
What?! Sucking your child's pacifier clean may have benefits. 
Well: Prognosis: Fewer Prostate Cancer Deaths in Statin Users 
Recipes for Health: Chard Stem Pickles 
Well: A Musical Message for Children on Healthy Eating 
Well: Sucking Your Child’s Pacifier Clean May Have Benefits 
Concussion Fears Lead to Growth in Specialized Clinics for Young Athletes 
Opinion: A Child’s Wild Kingdom 
Autistic Twins Find a Release in Running 
The Texas Tribune: Texas Lawmakers Set to Restore Women’s-Health Financing 
Economic View: An Economic Cure for Pandemics 
Emil Frei III, Who Put Cancer Cures in Reach, Dies at 89 
Opinion: The Cancer of Optimism 
Gray Matter: A Focus on Distraction 
Studied: The Right Stance Can Be Reassuring — Studied 
Debriefing: Bill Sothern Remediates Mold and Other Hazards 
F.D.A. Approves Merck’s Combination Drug to Reduce Cholesterol 
Rat Meat Sold as Lamb in China Highlights Fears 
Your reactions to articles about weight in the examining room.   @KarenBBarrow
Well: Think Like a Doctor: An Unusual Headache Solved 
Well: Overweight Patients, Overweight Doctors: Readers Weigh In 
Prostate Screening Guidelines Are Loosened 
Caffeine in potato chips? 
Well: Caffeine-Laced Foods Spur F.D.A. Investigation 
Well: Dukkah Recipes for Health 
The New Old Age: Helping Seniors Learn New Technology 
More people now die of suicide than in car accidents, according to the CDC  
Well: Ask Well: Long-Term Risk of Antidepressants 
Obama Backs New F.D.A. Limits on Morning-After Pill 
Well: The Workout: Sofia Vergara Hates to Exercise 
As Egypt Birthrate Rises, Population Policy Vanishes 
Business Owners Take Aim At Proposed Antismoking Laws At Hearing 
"There are days when I long for the paralegal job that once made me so miserable," @suleikajaouad Life, Interrupted: 
“I may have trouble just sitting cross-legge, but I did full Monkey Pose recently,” she said. Well: The Changing Face of Medical School Admissions 
Suicide Rate Rises Sharply in U.S. 
Well: Safety: Air Pollution Tied to Heart Disease 
Well: Patterns: Allergy Rick Higher Among Americans 
Well: Life, Interrupted: All in a Day’s Work 
Can you solve the mystery of a young woman who develops a headache and days later lapses into a coma? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: An Unusual Headache 
A Bid to Put Money Behind Slow Food Movement 
Florida Runs Out of Time on Medicaid 
Can you solve the medical mystery? Tune in tomorrow at 6:00 AM ET for our next Think Like a Doctor. 
Irish Government Proposes Allowing Abortion in Emergencies 
U.S. Will Appeal Order on Morning-After Pill 
Study Finds Health Care Use Rises With Expanded Medicaid 
The New Old Age Blog: Does Depression Contribute to Dementia? 
Can you solve our medical mystery? Tune in tomorrow at 6:00 AM ET for our next Think Like a Doctor.  @nytimeswell
Well: Yoga After 50 
DNA Research Points to New Insight Into Cancers 
Ask an Expert: Yoga for the Middle-Aged: Questions 
How would you react if an overweight doctor suggested you drop a few pounds? 
Well: When the Doctor Is Overweight 
Who knew? Motherhood reduces the likelihood that a woman reports breast pain during exercise.  @GretchenReynold
RT @PamBelluck: Morning-after pill will now be available w/o prescription for ages 15 and older. 
Well: The Problem of Breast Pain in Women Who Exercise 
National Briefing F.D.A. Lowers Age for Morning-After Pill 
Obama Says Health Care Law Is ‘Working Fine’ 
F.D.A. Approves Raptor Drug for Form of Cystinosis 
Colleges Tackle Illicit Use of A.D.H.D. Pills 
RT @nytimesscience: Do calorie counts stop you from eating? Or could another type of labeling motivate you more? 
The New Old Age Blog: The Long Wait for Wage Protections 
Well: Nutrition: Mediterran Diet Is Good for Brain Health 
Will raising the minimum age required to buy cigarettes do anything to lower the rate of smoking among teenagers? 
Doctors have implanted a bioengineered windpipe in a 2 ½-year-old — the youngest person to receive such an organ. 
Are doctors nicer to thinner patients? 
RT @cslnyt: Girl w/o a windpipe gets one. Amazing but she'll need another as she grows. h/t @henryfountain 
Groundbreaking Surgery for Girl Born Without Windpipe 
Recipes for Health: Spicy Egyptian Dukkah — Recipes for Health 
In Kosovo, 5 Are Convicted in Organ Trafficking 
Books: ‘Clean’ Book Review: Once an Addict’s Father, Now an Advocate 
Trial of Kermit Gosnell, Abortion Doctor, Draws to a Close 
Next Big Challenge for Health Law: Carrying It Out 
Analysis:  Have we really cured AIDS?  
Well: Really? The Claim: Evening Primrose Oil Soothes Eczema 
Q &amp; A: Should We Use Hot Water to Brush Our Teeth? 
Well: Debating Age Limits on Tobacco 
Well: Are Doctors Nicer to Thinner Patients? 
Quiz: What do you think is most common reason doctors are sued? The answer may surprise you. 
Observatory: Exercise Versus Calories on Menu Lists 
Well: New Doubts About Ginkgo Biloba 
The New Old Age Blog: A Rising Tide of Mental Distress 
Letters: Overworked Trainees (1 Letter) 
Letters: Doctor-Patient Deceit (1 Letter) 
News Analysis: Cure Still Out of Reach, but H.I.V. Is Invincible No More 
Well: Patterns: Stroke Belt and Teenagers 
Recipes for Health: Peanut Dukkah 
Well: Safety: Medical Malpractice 
Well: An Exam With Poor Results 
Video Scrutinizes Late-Term Abortion Practices at Bronx Clinic 
Arizona Haven for Deaf Faces Discrimination Charges 
Slipstream: Personal Data Takes a Winding Path Into Marketers’ Hands 
Preoccupations: An Actor and Comedian, Aiming to Dispel Stereotypes 
Novelties: In Cancer Treatment, New DNA Tools 
Our Feel-Good War on Breast Cancer 
Opinion: Diagnosing the Wrong Deficit 
The Ethicist: Should I Report My Ex-Wife for Sleeping With Her Patient? 
Diederik Stapel’s Audacious Academic Fraud 
The Problem With How We Treat Bipolar Disorder 
U.S. Files 2nd Suit Accusing Novartis of Kickbacks to Doctors 
Stretching? Who needs it: 
Question Mark: Why Do I Have Gout? 
Well: Spring Pasta Recipes for Health 
You asked: What is a good exercise plan for a middle-aged person who is out of shape? @GretchenReynold answered: 
The New Old Age Blog: Diabetes Advice for the Elderly: Relax 
Well: Ask Well: Do We Need to Stretch? 
Well: Risks: Study Finds Link Between Weight and Prostate Cancer 
Well: Ask Well: An Exercise Plan for Middle Age 
François Jacob, Geneticist Who Pointed to How Traits Are Inherited, Dies at 92 
Democratic Senators Tell White House of Concerns About Health Care Law Rollout 
Cancer Physicians Attack High Drug Costs 
For Boston Bombing Victims, a Long, Painful Road to Recovery 
“He’s the boss,” the patient said, pointing toward the ceiling and beyond Are there exercises to ward off dementia?  @GretchenReynold
Why is temporary hair loss loss different from all the other losses, at least for some cancer patients? 
You've never seen a therapy comfort animal like this. 
Well: Living With Cancer: Living Without Hair 
The New Old Age Blog: What Millennials Need to Ask Their Parents 
Well: God and Doctor 
Stories about the loss of hearing from the Boston bombing. 
Well: Ask Well: Exercise, Alzheimer's and Brain Health 
“Placentas from babies at risk for autism, clearly there’s something quite different about them.”  
Advertising: Trying to Burnish Its Image, Johnson &amp; Johnson Turns to Emotions 
Public-Private Effort Seeks to Expedite Discovery of Autism Drugs 
Study Ties Autism Risk to Creases in Placenta 
U.S. Issues Guidelines for Medical Exams in Sexual Assault Cases 
Legal Aid Ordered for Mentally Disabled Immigrants 
Boston Bomb Victims’ Hidden Injury: Hearing Loss 
New Bird Flu Strain Spreads Outside of China 
Eggs, too, may provoke bacteria to raise heart risk  @ginakolata
Eggs, Too, May Provoke Bacteria to Raise Heart Risk 
The New Old Age Blog: A Lost Language 
Ask Well: Healing Plantar Fasciitis 
Do you often, if guiltily, skip cooling down after exercise? Maybe you shouldn't feel so guilty.  @GretchenReynold
Recipes for Health: Farfalle With Artichokes, Peas, Favas and Onions — Recipes for Health 
Well: Do We Have to Cool Down After Exercise? 
World Briefing U.S. Accuses Novartis of Providing Kickbacks 
Organic Avenue Says Juice and Vegan Trends are Moving Mainstream 
Smoking? Combat? Wait Until 21 to Decide, Young Recruits Say 
‘Accountable Care’ Helping Hospitals Keep Medical Costs Down 
Racing to Inform Millions Unaware of New Health Coverage 
Twice the workout, doesn't really give you twice the benefits, says @GretchenReynold 
Ask Well: Double the Workout, Double the Benefits? 
Seniors in therapy: "I woke up to the fact that I have a mind of my own. Talk about a late bloomer." Judita Grosz RT @nytimesscience: Motherlode Blog: Study Links Autism With Antidepressant Use During Pregnancy 
RT @nytimes: The health consequences of the "cinnamon challenge." Spoiler: It's a bad idea 
The New Old Age Blog: Therapy can still help 
Recipes for Health: Baked Orzo With Artichokes and Peas — Recipes for Health 
SCIENCE: Donald R. Hopkins: Guinea Worm Slayer 
The Week: A Bear’s Brain Surgery, Babies’ Consciousness and More 
Enlisting a Virtual Pack, to Study Canine Minds 
Mind: Zeal for Play May Have Propelled Human Evolution 
New York Proposes Raising Minimum Age for Cigarette Purchases 
For Boston Victims, Price of Recovery May Be Another Burden 
Could you swallow a spoonful of cinnamon? You may not want to try "The Cinnamon Challenge" 
Motherlode Blog: Study Links Autism With Antidepressant Use During Pregnancy 
Day Centers Lure Fit Elders and Bill Medicaid 
Pollution Is Radically Changing Childhood in China’s Cities 
Audio: Seniors speak about starting therapy late in life: Older, and Unafraid to Talk About It 
Observatory: Picking Up Infants Calms by Slowing Heart Rates 
Books: Father and Son, Sharing Life With Asperger’s 
Global Health: In Central Africa, Bitter Cassava Is Linked to Mental Deficits 
Well: The Lies We Tell in the Exam Room 
RT @KarenBBarrow: Ever try The Cinnamon Challenge? If not, skip it...Consequences of the 'Cinnamon Challenge' 
Well: Therapy for Seniors: Finally Getting a Load Off Their Minds 
Profiles in Science: Donald R. Hopkins: How to Eradicate Guinea Worm Disease 
Well: Really? An Occasional Drink Is O.K. During Pregnancy 
Well: Risks: Stress Tied to Heart Disease and Diabetes 
The New Old Age Blog: The Retirement Home, Alive With Intrigue 
Well: A Lifeline for Widowed Fathers 
Well: Consequences of the ‘Cinnamon Challenge’ 
Recipes for Health: Orzo With Peas and Parsley Pesto — Recipes for Health 
Patients’ Genes Seen as Future of Cancer Care 
The Texas Tribune: Some Texas Optometrists Seek Negotiating Power With Insurers 
Scene Stealers: Larry Ruvo’s Vegas Party for a Brain Center 
Happiness Inc. 
Gyms Move From Machines to Fitness Playgrounds 
Hilary Koprowski, Developed Live-Virus Polio Vaccine, Dies at 96 
News Analysis: Is It Time for Off-the-Shelf Birth-Control Pills? 
In Gaming, Some See Tools to Treat Pain 
Britain Accuses GlaxoSmithKline of Conspiring With Rivals Over Generics 
Veterans Affairs Aims to Reduce Backlog of Disability Claims 
In Australia, HPV vaccinations led to decline in genital warts and precancerous lesions among girls and boys. 
Take our quiz! How well do you know this week's health news? 
Well: Rice Recipes for Health 
Well: Regimens: Heart Rate and Longevity 
How aware are 5-month-old infants of their surroundings? Quite a bit, some scientists say. 
Well: Nutrition: Vitamin D and Uterine Fibroids 
After a hiatus, doctors are exploring medicinal uses of LSD, Popular Science says.  
@taraparkerpope chats with @suleikajaouad about her "Life, Interrupted"Investigators Search for Origin of Flu Strain 
Baby’s Latest: Going Diaperless, at Home or Even in the Park 
New Test Detects Most Colorectal Cancers, Study Finds 
Well: HPV Vaccination a Success in Australia 
Is organic better? The fruit fly speaks: Fruit Fly 
RT @suleikajaouad: Instead of my usual #LifeInterrupted column, today I sat down with @taraparkerpope for a Q&amp;A 
Young people who use social media say that fame is a motivating factor, USA Today reports. 
Maybe we should have thought a little harder about the arithmetic of doctor's hours, writes @PaulineChen. 
Well: Life, Interrupted: A Chat With Suleika 
Well: Prognosis: Circumcision and AIDS 
Parents tend to share more bacteria with family dogs than children: 
Well: Doing the Math on Resident Work Hours 
Infant Mortality Rate in U.S. Declines 
Letter from China: As Cancer Rates Rise in China, Trust Remains Low 
Company Founder Makes Court Appearance in Breast-Implant Case 
National Briefing Day in Court for California Law Banning ‘Conversion Therapy’ 
War and Sports Shape Better Artificial Limbs 
More Children in Greece Start to Go Hungry 
Lessons From Military Surgeries Informed Treatment of Boston Victims 
What's the best way to build endurance? Long runs or short sprints? @GretchenReynold has your answer: #Ask Well 
Well: Ask Well: Long Runs vs. Sprints 
Don't feel like exercising? Blame it on your genes. New research suggest fathers can pick out their babies cries as well as mothers.  h/t @DiscoverMag
Well: Is Organic Better? Ask a Fruit Fly 
"The decision had to be made, over and over. Should this leg be amputated? What about this one?"  
Ask an Expert: Advice From Expert on Male Sexuality, Part 2 
The New Old Age Blog: Hospital Dangers for Patients With Parkinson’s 
Well: Why We’re Motivated to Exercise. Or Not. 
Physical Legacy of Bomb Blasts Could Be Cruel for Boston Marathon Victims 
Johnson &amp; Johnson Wins Case on Artificial Hip 
F.D.A. Bars Generic OxyContin 
Report on U.S. Meat Sounds Alarm on ‘Superbugs’ 
The Rush Toward Cold-Pressed Juices 
F.D.A. Rejects Levadex, a New Drug for Migraines 
Hospitals Profit From Surgical Errors, Study Finds 
F.D.A. Was Lax on Compounding, Its Leader Says 
A simple fix to reduce risk of stillbirth: 
Interactive: Illustrating the intersection of diseases in the elderly. 
Online Furor Draws Press to Abortion Doctor’s Trial 
Ruling Prevents Closing of Mississippi’s Only Abortion Clinic 
Advertising: Tena Tries Fresh Terms for a Delicate Topic 
Visuals: Overlapping Health Worries for the Elderly 
Recipes for Health: Chard Leaves Stuffed With Rice and Herbs — Recipes for Health 
Justices Mull Patents on Human Genes 
Drug Makers Use Safety Rule to Block Generics 
Nathan Azrin, Behavioral Psychologist, Dies at 82 
Should healthy women take drugs to lower their risk of breast cancer? From @nytDeniseGrady 
Global Health: Side Sleeping May Reduce Risk of Stillbirth 
Well: Battling Obesity in the Mentally Ill 
Breast Cancer Drugs Urged for Healthy High-Risk Women 
News Analysis: Balancing Risks and Benefits in Clinical Trials 
Well: Trial of Chelation Therapy Shows Benefits, but Doubts Persist 
Letters: Emergency Contraception (1 Letter) 
Letters: Risks of Calcium Supplements (1 Letter) 
More fish, fewer allergies? The New Old Age Blog: A Montana Doctor Defends Physician-Assisted Suicide 
Well: Safer Hospital Rooms 
Well: Really? Eating Fish as a Child May Curb Allergies 
Recipes for Health: Beet Green, Rice and Ricotta Blinis 
Well: Elderly Patients Routinely Prescribed Risky Drugs 
Live Music Soothes Premature Babies, a New Study Finds 
Well: Avoiding Emergency Rooms 
Remote Monitoring of ICU Patients Is Called Into Question 
As Court Considers Gene Patents, Case May Overlook Relevant Issues 
Rat Kidneys Made in Lab Seen as Step to Human Transplants 
After Meningitis Case in Los Angeles, Gay Activists Urge Vigilance 
Sierra Leone Graft Charges Imperil Care and Aid 
Prototype: Watsi, a Crowdfunding Site, Offers Help With Medical Care 
Avian Flu Virus Confirmed in Beijing for First Time 
Virginia Abortion Clinic Rules Get Final Approval 
F.D.A. Issues Warning on DMAA, a Workout Booster 
Obama and Insurance Executives Discuss Health Care Exchanges 
Oregon Experiments With Localized Medicaid 
Senators Make Bipartisan Push for Mental Health Care 
DNA Project Aims to Make Company’s Data Public 
Well: Cracking the Walnut 
Stop sitting on that ball chair and try standing instead. Well: Ask Well: Ball Chairs 
Think about cleaning your ice dispenser. Well: Where Germs Hide in Your Kitchen 
Unsafe Practices Found at Compounding Pharmacies 
National Briefing United Arab Emirates’ Laws Ensnare a Doctor 
Report Published on 3 Who Died From H7N9 Bird Flu 
Well: Alcohol and Breast Cancer Survival 
The New Old Age Blog: When Independence Means You’re on Your Own 
Do mental issues rise in the winter and decline in summer? A Seasonal Pattern to Mental Health 
Well: A Seasonal Pattern to Mental Health 
Well: ‘Good’ Patients, ‘Bad’ Patients 
RT @nytimes: NYT's @stavernise is looking for families who participated in this study on premature babies. Contact her here:  ...
A Dismissal Raises Questions About Objectivity on Food Policy 
Brains as Clear as Jell-O for Scientists to Explore 
Obama’s Budget Cuts Focus on Medicare, Medicaid and Military 
Delay on China Avian Flu Announcement Questioned 
Well: Sleep Tied to Weight in Teens 
Ask an Expert: Advice for Couples About Their Sex Lives, Part 1 
Robert G. Edwards, Nobel Winner for In Vitro Fertilization, Dies at 87 
Parents of Preemies Weren’t Told of Risks in Study 
The benefits of allowing pets in hospitals - When Best Friends Can Visit 
More reasons to exercise for your brain, from @GretchenReynold RT @nytimes: Is there anything wrong with exercising before bedtime? 
The New Old Age Blog: When Best Friends Can Visit 
Well: How Exercise May Help Memory 
Before you hop on that treadmill tonight, will that late-night jog interfere with sleep?  
China Reports 8th Death From Bird Flu 
Well: Ask Well: Exercising Before Bedtime 
African-Americans Have Higher Risk of Alzheimer’s, Study Shows 
The New Old Age Blog: Margaret Thatcher's Singular Life and All Too Common End 
Walnuts to help diabetes? 
Recipes for Health: Green Bean and Fava Bean Salad — Recipes for Health 
National Briefing National Briefing What's better? More repetitions or more weight? @GretchenReynold provides answers. 
Books: Living Life as a Race Against A.L.S. 
Letters: Hidden Salt (2 Letters) 
Well: Better Sex After Hip Surgery 
Want better sex? Consider getting a new hip or knee.  
The changing message on what to feed your baby, from @perriklass 
Global Health: Universities Get Middling Grades in Helping Poor 
News Analysis: Plan B Is Not a Cure-All 
Well: Advice Shifts on Feeding Baby 
For Scientists, an Exploding World of Pseudo-Academia 
Really?: The Claim: Musical Training and Language Skills Enhance One Another 
Recipes for Health: Leek and Turnip Soup With Kale and Walnut Garnish 
Observatory: Protein in Alzheimer’s Linked to Down Syndrome 
The New Old Age Blog: Online Habits Coming Slowly to Older Adults 
Tips for fungus-free feet. Ask Well: Remedies for Nail Fungus  Have a health question? Use #askwell.
Well: Non-Drug Treatments for Toenail Fungus 
No Proof So Far of Human Transmission in China Flu Outbreak 
Well: Childbirth: Air Pollution Tied to Birth Defects 
Well: Prevention: Walnuts for Diabetes 
Well: Thinking Twice About Calcium Supplements 
Ban on Free Condoms Jeopardizes a Boston College 
Study Points to New Culprit in Heart Disease 
Opinion: Wars on Drugs 
Health Care Mutual Funds, With New Faces at the Helm 
Hepatitis A Vaccine Urged for Diners at West Village Restaurant 
U.S. to Keep Control of Mental Care in California Prisons 
China Escalates Response to Avian Flu Outbreak 
Well: Fish Recipes for Health 
Well: Ask Well: More Repetitions vs. More Weight? 
RT @PamBelluck: Judge Orders Morning-After Pill Available for All Ages 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Baby Who Won’t Eat Solved! 
"Judge Korman ordered the F.D.A. to lift age restrictions on the pill, Plan B, and generics," reports @PamBelluck 
The New Old Age Blog: Caregiving From Another Continent 
Have questions about the staying fit? Ask Gretchen Reynolds. Use #askwell 
Well: Risks: Balding and Heart Disease 
Judge Orders F.D.A. to Make Morning-After Pill Available Over the Counter for All Ages 
Broken Leg Renews Focus on College Athletes’ Health Insurance 
Commission Gives Insight on Expected Health Increases 
National Briefing C.D.C. Has Begun Work on Vaccine for New China Flu 
The New Old Age Blog: A Sharp Rise in Dementia Care Costs 
"'How long do you think these pills will work?' I ask about the experimental drug..." Living With Cancer: Truthiness 
RT @cslnyt: About 3.8 million ppl 71+ have dementia. By 2040, it'll be 9.1 million. Are we ready? 
Well: Living With Cancer: Truthiness 
Doctor and Patient: Rethinking Centers of Excellence (and Other Well-Laid Plans) 
Well: Childhood: Varicella Vaccine Prevents Chickenpox 
HEALTH: Ask Well: Dried or Fresh Blueberries? 
Think Like a Doctor: Can you figure out what's wrong with this infant who won't eat? 
Well: Think Like a Doctor: The Baby Who Won’t Eat 
Recipes for Health: Striped Bass or Mahi Mahi With Fennel, Leeks and Tomatoes — Recipes for Health 
Misperception of Government Benefits Makes Trimming Them Harder 
Veterans Affairs Officials Offer Reassurance About Troubled Hospital 
Advertising: An MS Drug Takes a Feisty Approach Aimed at Younger Patients 
IHT Special: Fall in Egyptian Pound Weighs Heavily on the Ill 
Alabama Legislature Approves Abortion Clinic Limits 
Dementia Care Costs Are Soaring, Study Finds 
Financial burden for dementia care is at least as high as that for heart disease or cancer, reports @PamBelluck. 
Straw-like tubes of modified gelatin provide protection as implanted cells grow and work in the body. 
Mindfulness to control mind wandering? The New Old Age Blog: How Do You Keep Track of It All? 
RT @NY4P: The art of the 7am @highlinenyc jog, via @nytimeswell - 
AIDS Vaccine Path Suggested by Study 
Well: How Meditation Might Boost Your Test Scores 
Recipes for Health: Oven-Steamed Arctic Char With Piperade — Recipes for Health 
Our roving runner, @brianfidelman jogs along The High Line.  Whats your fav spot to run? 
Is stretching counterproductive? @GretchenReynold reports. 
Well: Reasons Not to Stretch 
Manslaughter Charges for Doctor Who Gave Liposuction to Transplant Recipient 
Greek Baked Fish With Tomatoes and Onions — Recipes for Health 
RT @dacorc: Hilarious: video interview with @mary_roach, author of "Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal." 
China Announces 4 New Flu Cases 
SCIENCE: Ruminating With Mary Roach 
Missed @mary_roach on the @TheDailyShow? We have her on @nytimesvideo answering readers' Qs: 
Well: Jogging the High Line 
The New Old Age Blog: That Falling Feeling 
Obama to Unveil Initiative to Map the Human Brain 
Washington State Abortion Debate Counters the Trend 
Well: A New Endorsement for Fish 
National Briefing The Scan: Ancient Clockwork and a New ‘Eco-Drama’ 
Q &amp; A: Can Cataracts Grow Back After Surgery? 
Letters: Choices in Therapy 
Letters: Hpv Vaccines for Boys 
Health Law Provision for Small Business Is Delayed 
Global Health: Gay Men in Mexico City Would Stay H.I.V.-Free for $288, Study Shows 
Multiple Sclerosis Balloon Therapy Fails in Study 
The Doctor’s World: Link to Ethical Scandals Tarnishes Prestigious Parran Award 
